1. File No. Presentation of Commendation to the ATU Local 1464 Employee of the Month.
2. Presentation of Commendation to Roy Paz, Tampa Police Department, who is retiring from the City of Tampa.
3. Presentation of Commendation to meteorologist, Andy Johnson.
4. FEMA to provide a presentation on the status of hurricane recovery and assistance efforts.
5. Resolution approving the reappointment by the Mayor of J. Ricc Rollins II to the Human Rights Board of the City of Tampa in the "Retail Merchandising Management" position for a three-year term commencing on February 4, 2025, and ending February 3, 2028, providing an effective date.
6. Resolution approving the reappointment by the Mayor of William D. Truett to the Human Rights Board of the City of Tampa, in the “Other” position, for a three-year term commencing on February 4, 2025, and ending February 3, 2028, providing an effective date.
7. Resolution approving Amendment No. 1 to the Consulting Agreement between the City of Tampa and National Public Safety Group LLC for the furnishing of Consulting Services in the amount of $166,839 for use by the City of Tampa Fire Rescue Department and Technology and Innovation Department; authorizing the Mayor to execute said Amendment No. 1 to the Consulting Agreement; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Michael Terracciano, Manager of Public Safety Technology, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
8. Resolution approving two Order Forms (Quote #: Q-56231x and Quote #: Q-56232x) between the City of Tampa and Kronos Incorporated to continue the Workforce (UKG) Telestaff Cloud Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) for a twelve-month term in the estimated amount of $135,458.40 for use by Tampa Fire Rescue and the Tampa Police Department and managed by the Technology and Innovation Department; authorizing the Mayor to execute said Order Forms; providing an effective date.
9. Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $149,536 within the General Fund for use by Tampa Fire Rescue for reclassification of capital lease expenditures as an operating lease in accordance with GASB No. 87; providing an effective date.
10. Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; Approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $50,253.94 within the General Fund and Utility Services Tax Capital Projects Fund for use by the Tampa Police Department for operating capital expenditures involving aviation unit building renovations; providing an effective date.
11. Resolution approving a Social Action & Arts fund agreement for persons with intellectual disabilities internship administrator services between the city of Tampa, Florida, and Career Focus Inc. to provide internship opportunities with city departments for persons with intellectual disabilities in the amount of twenty-five thousand dollars ($25,000); authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an Effective Date.
12. Resolution approving a Memorandum of Understanding for Internship Services between the City of Tampa and The Grow Group (TGG) Inc. to provide interns to the City at no cost to the City.
13. Resolution of the City of Tampa, Florida accepting a donation from Friends of Tampa Recreation, Inc. for thirty-six (36) automated external defibrillators, thirty-six (36) automated external defibrillator responder kits, thirty (30) Zoll Powerheart G5 batteries, and six (6) Ce-Tek 4000 outdoor automated external defibrillator enclosures, in the amount valued at sixty-nine thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight dollars ($69,828) for use in city park facilities as determined by the Director of the Parks and Recreation Department; authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to execute the acceptance of said donation; providing an effective date
14. Resolution approving an Addendum to the Software License, Maintenance and Support Services Agreement between the City of Tampa, Florida and Rectrac, LLC a foreign limited liability company d/b/a Vermont Systems, Inc. to revise the Software License, Maintenance and Support Services Agreement by providing hosting services for storing Parks & Recreation customer data in an amount not to exceed $30,000; authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
15. Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and Nelson’s Tree Farm and Nursery, Inc., with a 2.5% Consumer Price Index (CPI) price escalation, for the furnishing of Mulch and-or Shell Purchased, Delivered and-or Installed (Sheltered Market Solicitation) in the estimated amount of $358,000 for use by the Parks and Recreation Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
16. Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for the preparation, demolition and/or removal of certain building and/or structure from the following property: 127 W Hiawatha St, after the determination that said building or structure satisfied the criteria to demolish and the property owner(s) failed to demolish and/or remove same or failed to do so prior to the city incurring costs; authorizing a certified copy of the resolution to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a notice of assessment of lien; providing an effective date.
17.  Special Event Permit: Children's Gasparilla Parade- Bayshore Blvd. between Gandy Blvd. & Platt St. Bridge- January 18, 2025
18. Special Event Permit: Martin Luther King Parade- 15th St., MLK Blvd., 21st Ave., & 22nd St.- January 20, 2025
19. Special Event Permit: Gasparilla Pirate Fest.- Bayshore Blvd., Ashley Dr., North Blvd., Cass St.- January 25, 2025
20. Special Event Permit: Hillsborough Foundation 5K Race for Education-Laurel St., Green St., and N. Boulevard.- April 12, 2025
21. Resolution authorizing an Agreement between the City of Tampa and Westra Construction Corp., in the amount of $1,935,934.86 for Professional Design-Build Services with a Guaranteed Maximum Price (GMP-2) in connection with contract 21-C-00047-GMP02, Valves and Fire Hydrants Assessment and Replacement Program Design-Build, authorizing the Mayor to execute said agreement on behalf of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
22.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 23)Resolution accepting the proposal of Insituform Technologies, LLC, pertaining to Contract 24-C-00030, Branch PS Collection System Sewer Rehabilitation by CIPP Lining, in the amount of $1,999,350.20; authorizing the execution of the contract by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
23.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 22)Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $1,999,351 for the Branch Pumping Station Collection System Sewer Rehabilitation by CIPP Project to be used by the Wastewater Department within the Wastewater Capital Construction Fund; providing an effective date.
24. Resolution approving the renewal of an Award between the City of Tampa and Personnel Solutions Plus, LLC, with a Consumer Price Index (CPI) price escalation of 3.0%, for provision of Temporary Labor for Solid Waste Collections (Re-Bid) in the estimated amount of $632,000 for use by the Department of Solid Waste & Environmental Program Management; providing an effective date.
25. Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and Olameter Corporation, with a 2.9% Consumer Price Index (CPI) price escalation, for the furnishing of Water Meter Reading Services, Division I in the estimated amount of $1,292,514 for use by the Water Department/Operations Division; providing an effective date.
26. Resolution approving the renewal of Awards between the City of Tampa and Plum Creek Environmental for Divisions I, II and III and Iron Container, LLC for Division IV, without price escalations, for the purchase of Compactors and Roll-Off Containers in the amount of $2,140,692 for use by the Department of Solid Waste & Environmental Program Management; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
27. Resolution approving an agreement between the City of Tampa and Tampa Hillsborough Film and Digital Media Commission, Inc. For the performance of certain television and film industry marketing and promotional services by Tampa Hillsborough Film and Digital Media Commission, Inc. For an amount not to exceed $100,000 during the 2025 fiscal year; authorizing execution by the mayor and attestation by the city clerk; providing an effective date.
28. Resolution approving the purchase of HP replacement computers and equipment for Citywide Equipment Transition under the State of Texas Region 4 Education Service Center Contract No. R200803 as Lead Agency through the National Governmental Purchasing Alliance Company dba Omnia Partners, Public Sector from Alba Business Solutions LLC in the estimated amount of $350,000 for use by the Technology and Innovation Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
29. Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $543,069 of previously collected non-ad valorem assessment within the Downtown/Ybor Tourism Marketing District Fund to provide tourism marketing services within the district; providing an effective date.
30. Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $61,700 within the General Fund to provide additional funding to the City's Emergency Response Center (ERC); providing an effective date.
31. Resolution approving a Social Action and Arts Fund agreement between the City of Tampa, Florida and Tampa Educational Cable Consortium, inc. (TECC) d/b/a Tampa Bay Arts & Education Network (TBAE), a Florida not-for-profit to provide educational and informative programming by leveraging technology, while training college students in the amount not to exceed two hundred thousand dollars ($200,000); authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
32. Resolution approving a Social Action and Arts Fund agreement between the City of Tampa, Florida and Speak Up Tampa Bay PATV, inc./DBA Tampa Bay Community Network, a Florida not-for-profit to provide City and County residents and non-profits continued access to a community media center that provides media arts training and a voice on local cable television and the internet in the amount not to exceed two hundred and eight thousand dollars ($208,000); authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
33. Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $50,000 within the General Fund to support the post-hurricane countywide integrate stormwater system; providing an effective date.
34. Resolution approving both the Supplemental End User License Agreement and the Nomic Networks Evaluation and Service Agreement between the City of Tampa and Nomic Networks, Inc. for the furnishing of Nomic Networks Outpost, IIU, Insight, and HQ support services in the estimated amount of $22,451.90 for use by the Technology and Innovation Department; authorizing the Mayor to execute said Supplemental End User License Agreement and the Nomic Networks Evaluation and Service Agreement; providing an effective date.
35. Resolution approving, ratifying, and confirming an Amendment to Appendix E of the Collective Bargaining Agreement between the City of Tampa and Local Union No. 754 International Association of Firefighters, AFL-CIO, effective October 1, 2022 through September 30, 2025; Providing for an amended City of Tampa Firefighters and Police Officers Pension Contract; Providing an effective date.
36. Resolution approving, ratifying, and confirming an Amendment to Appendix C of the Collective Bargaining Agreement between the City of Tampa and Tampa Police Benevolent Association, Inc., Police Lieutenants Bargaining Unit, effective October 1, 2022 through September 30, 2025; Providing for an Amended City of Tampa Firefighters and Police Officers Pension Contract; Providing an effective date.
37. Resolution approving, ratifying, and confirming an Amendment to Appendix D of the Collective Bargaining Agreement between the City of Tampa and Tampa Police Benevolent Association, Inc., effective October 1, 2022 through September 30, 2025; Providing for an Amended City of Tampa Firefighters and Police Officers Pension Contract; Providing an effective date.
38. Resolution of the City of Tampa (“City”), Florida, authorizing a Commercial Property Assessed Clean Energy (C-PACE) Program within the corporate limits of the City; approving an agreement with the Florida Resiliency and Energy District; utilizing voluntary non-ad valorem assessments to finance qualifying improvements; authorizing the Mayor to execute said agreement; providing for an effective date.
39. Resolution updating Resolution No. 2024-344 to correctly reflect the date by which the City of Tampa Racial Reconciliation Committee presents its findings and recommendations to the Tampa City Council; providing an effective date.
40. Christine Glover, Director of Internal Audit, transmitting audit report Technology and Innovation-Hardware Inventory and Asset Management, dated November 21, 2024
41. Christine Glover, Director of Internal Audit, transmitting audit report Florida Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles Data Exchange Memorandum of Understanding, dated November 21, 2024
42. Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a CDBG Subrecipient agreement for Public Facilities between the City of Tampa and Seniors in Service of Tampa Bay, Inc. to provide funding under the U.S. Department Of Housing And Urban Development Community Development Block Grant (“CDBG”) program in an amount up to $101,329.00 for Subrecipient to make certain authorized improvements to its facilities; authorizing the acceptance of a deferred payment mortgage and promissory note to secure the obligations set forth in the agreement; providing an effective date.
43. Resolution approving an interlocal agreement between the City of Tampa and Hillsborough County for the performance of certain workshops and entrepreneur services by Hillsborough County Entrepreneur Collaborative Center for an amount not to exceed $84,150 during the 2025 fiscal year; authorizing execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
44. Resolution approving a funding agreement between the City of Tampa and the Tampa Hillsborough Homeless Initiative, Inc.; providing funding in an amount not to exceed $190,000.00 in General Funds for the provision of certain liaison services in support of homeless persons in the City; authorizing execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
45. Resolution approving an agreement between the City of Tampa and Tampa Bay Wave, Inc. for the performance of certain technical assistance for innovation-based or technology industries services by Tampa Bay Wave, Inc. for an amount not to exceed $100,000 during the 2025 fiscal year; authorizing execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
46. Resolution approving an agreement between the City of Tampa and the Tampa Bay Convention and Visitors Bureau, Inc., (DBA Visit Tampa Bay) on behalf of the Tampa Bay Trade & Protocol Office for the performance of certain protocol and diplomatic services by the Tampa Bay Trade & Protocol Office for an amount not to exceed $48,000 during the 2025 fiscal year; authorizing execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
47. Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Lease Agreement between the City of Tampa, as Tenant, and Ybor Land, LLC and Fox International, LLC, as Landlords, for the Lease of real properties located at 2805, 2709, 2705, 2707, 2703, and 2615 E. 7th Avenue, in Tampa, Florida, for the use a temporary location to store special events equipment and vehicles, providing an effective date.
48. Resolution approving an agreement between the City of Tampa and Hispanic Business Initiative Fund, Inc. D.B. A. Prospera for the performance of certain consulting and technical assistance services for Hispanic Businesses by Prospera for an amount not to exceed $80,000 during the 2025 fiscal year; authorizing execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
49. Resolution approving the acceptance of a Warranty Deed from Eric Ebuen and Jennifer Packing-Ebuen to the City of Tampa to convey a portion of real property located at 1917 East 5th Avenue, Tampa, Florida, for public transportation purposes; providing an effective date.
50. Resolution approving a Social Action & Arts Fund services agreement between the City of Tampa and Dream Builders Mission, Inc.; providing funding in an amount not to exceed $75,000.00 in Social Action & Art Funds for the provision of food boxes to food insecure families and seniors and ready-to-eat food bags to homeless individuals in the city; authorizing execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
51. Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Partial Release of Platted Easements renouncing, discontinuing and abandoning any interest in and to a portion of those easements reserved by the revised plat of Maryland Manor that encumber the real property located at 4010 W. Tacon Street in Tampa, Florida that are identified below; providing an effective date.
52. Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Right-of-Way Encroachment Agreement allowing existing encroachments in the form of a covered balcony and fifteen columns and above-ground footers that are located at 1901 E. 7th Avenue in Ybor City to encroach over a portion of the city of Tampa’s 7th Avenue and 19th Street rights-of-way in the area and manner identified herein; providing an effective date.
53. Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a consent and subordination Agreement between the City of Tampa and Suncoast Credit Union subordinating a loan of $3,156,500.00 made to Pittman Design Group LLC under the State Housing Initiatives Partnership (SHIP) providing partial funding for construction of a 10 unit townhome affordable rental housing development located at 2104, 2106, and 2108 E. Columbus drive and 2704 N. 22nd street, Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
54. Resolution approving a Development Agreement by and between the City of Tampa and AAA Restoration & Builders, LLC; providing for the conveyance of a City infill lot located at 2915 Chipco Street, Tampa, Florida 33605, and the development, construction, and sale/ rental of such property for use as an affordable single-family attached or single-family detached residential dwelling unit(s) by an income-qualified buyer or renter as part of the City’s Infill III Program; authorizing the Mayor to execute and the City Clerk to attest said agreement and exhibits thereto; providing an effective date.
55. Resolution approving a Development Agreement by and between the City of Tampa and CLK Remodeling, LLC; providing for the conveyance of a city infill lot located at 2405 E. 23rd Avenue, Tampa, Florida 33605, and the development, construction, and sale/ rental of such property for use as an affordable single-family attached or single-family detached residential dwelling unit(s) by an income-qualified buyer or renter as part of the City’s Infill III Program; authorizing the Mayor to execute and the City Clerk to attest said agreement and exhibits thereto; providing an effective date.
56. Resolution approving a Development Agreement by and between the City of Tampa and CLK Remodeling, LLC; providing for the conveyance of a city infill lot located at 1809 N. Taliaferro Avenue, Tampa, Florida 33602, and the development, construction, and sale/ rental of such property for use as an affordable single-family attached or single-family detached residential dwelling unit(s) by an income-qualified buyer or renter as part of the City’s Infill III Program; authorizing the Mayor to execute and the City Clerk to attest said agreement and exhibits thereto; providing an effective date.
57.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 58)Resolution approving a federally-funded subaward and grant agreement number B0206 between the City of Tampa, Florida and the State of Florida, Division of Emergency Management for the Bermuda Boulevard seawall improvements/City of Tampa Palmetto Beach Scoping Project through the Legislative Pre-Disaster Mitigation Grant Program in the amount of two million nine hundred and sixty-five thousand and eight hundred dollars ($2,965,800); Authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; Providing for an effective date.
58.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 57)Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, approving the transfer, reallocation and/or appropriation of $2,965,800 within the Transportation Grants Capital Projects Fund and $988,600 within the Non Ad Valorem Bonds CIP Fund – Future Debt for use by the Palmetto Beach project; providing an effective date.
59. Resolution approving the renewal of an Award between the City of Tampa and 36T Cleaning Services LLC with a 3.5% Consumer Price Index price escalation for the provision of Janitorial Services for Hanna City Center (Sheltered Market Solicitation) in the estimated amount of $330,000 for use by the Department of Logistics and Asset Management/Facility Management Division; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
60. Resolution approving the acceptance of a Grant of Transportation Easement from East Comanche Townhome Owners' Association, Inc. to the City of Tampa for transportation facilities located at 1505 East Comanche Avenue, Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
61. Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $1,000,000 within the Florida Department of Transportation (FDOT) - Interstate Highway Expansion Phase I Trust, the Florida Department of Transportation (FDOT) - Interstate Highway Expansion Phase II Trust, and the Citywide Capital Project Improvements Funds for historic rehabilitation of the George Guida, Sr. House; providing an effective date.
62. Resolution accepting the proposal of Burgess Civil, LLC pertaining to Contract 24-C-00012 Green Artery Seg D – from Sulphur Springs Park to 22nd St Park, in the amount of $532,786.40; authorizing the execution of the Contract by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
63. Resolution accepting the proposal of Burgess Civil, LLC pertaining to Contract 24-C-00013 Green Artery Seg E – N Boulevard from Sligh Ave to E Bird St, in the amount of $1,188,165.66; authorizing the execution of the Contract by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
64. Petition for Review filed by Ron Fair, owner, requesting a review hearing regarding a decision of the Zoning Administrator, SU1-24-0000085, pertaining to the property located at 3127 W Oaklyn Avenue. (Review hearing to be scheduled on February 20, 2025 at 1:30 p.m.)
65. File No. TA/CPA24-08 (Miranda & Henderson no) –
66. File No. CIP-CIS FY25-29 (UNAN) -
67. File No. AB2-24-08 (UNAN) -
68. File No. AB2-24-11 (UNAN) -
69. File No. AB2-24-13 (UNAN) -
70. File No. AB2-24-15 (Hurtak no) -
71. File No. AB2-24-30 (UNAN; Viera absent at vote) -
72. File No. AB2-24-12 (Carlson & Viera no) -
73. File No. AB2-24-34 (UNAN) -
74. File No. AB2-24-35 (UNAN) -
75. File No. AB2-24-36 (UNAN) -
76. File No. AB2-24-37 (UNAN) -
77. File No. AB2-24-48 (UNAN) -
78. Administration Update
79.  (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.)Resolution approving the Sixth Amendment to the current Master Services and Purchasing Agreement between the City of Tampa and Axon Enterprise, Inc., for the continuation of services and to purchase and upgrade Axon devices, products, technology and digital evidence cloud storage services with the option to automatically renew on an annual basis through FY 2034 for a combined estimated total of $49,195,459 for use by the Tampa Police Department; authorizing execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date. (First discussion on said item held on December 5, 2024)
80. Resolution authorizing an Agreement for Consultant Services in the amount of $1,500,000 between the City of Tampa and Black & Veatch Corporation in connection with Contract 24-D-00017 Potable Water System Master Plan; authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to execute same; providing an effective date.  Staff to provide an in-person report detailing the topics to be included in the Portable Water System Master Plan.  Memorandum from Jean W. Duncan, Administrator of Infrastructure and Mobility, notifying City Council that staff will be present to provide verbal report.
81.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 82)(Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.)Resolution authorizing a Design-Build Services Agreement with a Guaranteed Maximum Price between the City of Tampa and J. Kokolakis Contracting, Inc. regarding Contract 21-C-00045-GMP01, Relocation of Solid Waste Facilities, in the amount of $106,799,549; authorizing the Mayor to execute said agreement on behalf of the City of Tampa; providing for funding thereof; and providing an effective date. (First discussion on said item held on December 5, 2024)
82.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 81) (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.)Resolution of the city council of the city of Tampa, Florida accepting the proposal of Bank of America, N.A. to provide the city with a $130,000,000 non-revolving line of credit to finance or refinance certain capital improvements to the city's Solid Waste system; approving the form of a non-revolving credit agreement with Bank of America, N.A. in order to evidence such line of credit; approving the form of a note; securing the repayment of the non-revolving credit agreement with a pledge of and lien on net revenues of the city's solid waste system; delegating certain authority to the mayor for the approval and execution and delivery of the non-revolving line of credit and said note; delegating authority to the mayor; authorizing the execution and delivery of other documents in connection therewith; and providing for an effective date for this resolution. (First discussion on said item held on December 5, 2024)
83.  (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.)Resolution approving a Master Customer Agreement between the City of Tampa and Motorola Solutions, Inc. for the provision of a Tampa Fire Rescue Computer Aided Dispatch, Mobility and Station Alerting Solution in the estimated amount of $3,914,341 for use by the City of Tampa Fire Rescue Department and the Technology and Innovation Department; authorizing the Mayor to execute said Master Customer Agreement; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Chief Barbara Tripp, Fire Rescue, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
84. (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 85) - (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.)Resolution approving a Design-Build Services Agreement with a Guaranteed Maximum Price (GMP-1) for Contract 22-C-00032-GMP01 Fleet Maintenance Facility at Port of Tampa - Design-Build between the City of Tampa and Bandes Construction Company, Inc., in the amount of $14,326,564; authorizing the Mayor to execute said Agreement on behalf of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brad Baird, P.E., Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
85. (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 84) - (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.)Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $466,564 for the Fleet Decentralization – Port Tampa Project to be used by the Wastewater Department within the Wastewater Capital Construction Fund; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brad Baird, P.E., Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
86. (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.)Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a contract for sale and purchase between the City of Tampa, as purchaser, and Spring Property Development LLC, a Florida Limited Liability Company as seller, for the purchase of real property located at 1002 North Howard Avenue, 2315 West Cypress Street, and 2331 West Cypress Street, Tampa, Florida, at a purchase price of $3,000,000 together with closing costs in the approximate amount of $30,000; for West Tampa Community Redevelopment purposes; approving the acceptance of the proposed form warranty deed; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Michelle Van Loan, Real Estate Director, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
87. (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.)Resolution approving a Master Agreement for Employee Health Plans and Flexible Spending Account Administrative Services between the City of Tampa and United Healthcare Services, Inc. for furnishing Benefits-Eligible Employees and Non-Medicare Retirees with the option for selection of one of two self-funded health plans, including the City Plan with HRA and the Simple Wellness Plan and the option for Active Employees of a Flexible Spending Account ("FSA") in the estimated amount of $13,500,000 over a 3-year term, for use by the Human Resources and Talent Development Department/Benefits Division; authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City Of Tampa; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Kelly Austin, Director of Human Resources and Talent Management; and DeAnna Faggart, Director of Purchasing Department, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
88.  Staff to report on potential locations for the fire maintenance and supply facility and addressing staffing issues for next year’s budget for Station 24; further, that the Real Estate Department to provide a list of city owned properties that are 5 acres or more; in addition, to provide a status on Station 24. To include a summary of efforts done with regards to real estate for the fleet maintenance and a timeline that is projected on this, as well as on Station 24.
89. Tampa Police Department to present an in-person report on the red-light camera program; in addition, to include the problem of blocking intersections.  Memorandum from Chief Lee Bercaw, Tampa Police, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
90. Staff to report as to the possibility of finding short term solutions that would immediately prevent rainfall flooding in the areas where it occurred during the recent storms; in addition, to provide an update on stormwater drain maintenance in the City, particularly areas that flooded, and whether the city needs an emergency maintenance budget. (Amended motion initiated by Carlson-Clendenin on November 14, 2024) Memorandum from Vik Bhide, Director of Mobility Department, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
91. Legal Department to appear and discuss the possibility of creating an ordinance that would prohibit the commercial usage of seawalls or docks in residential areas, except in locations specifically designated for commercial use; further, any possible ordinance would also regulate the type of usage, hours of operation, sound requirements, and any need for a permit.
92. Staff to present an in-person report to include General Fund major revenue by category for the FY24 Adopted Budget, FY24 Preliminary Year End, and the variance between the two. Include the following categories of revenue (based on page 6 of the FY25 Budget presentation titled “General Fund Budget”: property taxes, other taxes, charges for service, and miscellaneous revenues. Further, to include General Fund major expenditure by category for the FY24 Adopted Budget, FY24 Preliminary Year End, and the variance between the two. Include the following categories (based on page 7 of the FY25 Budget presentation titled “General Fund Budget”: salary benefits, new positions, CRA contributions, Pay-Go Capital Project Funding, budget increases, increased costs, increased level of service, and new service.
93. Revenue and Finance staff to present an in-person report to include a look at all revenue sources and a graphic that shows what went up and what went down in FY24.
94. Council bring forth for approval the Memorandum of Understanding between HART and the City of Tampa for the expenditure of funds in support of the Route 1 fare free pilot, as previously allocated in the FY25 budget.  Memorandum from Andrea Zelman, City Attorney, transmitting a written report and proposed resolution for said agenda item. (Title of proposed resolution listed below) Resolution of the City Council of the City of Tampa, Florida, approving a Route 1 Funding agreement in the amount of $1,650,000 with the Hillsborough Transit Authority for Fare Free Bus Services; authorizing execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
95. Administration to provide a written quarterly report providing an update on the Stormwater Project/Program -  - (Next quarterly report to be provided on March 27, 2025) Memorandum from Vik Bhide, Director of Mobility Department, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
96. Staff to present a written report on all of the expenditures for Districts 4, 5, 6, and 7, to include numbers with and without the CRA.  Memorandum from Dennis Rogero, Jr., Chief Financial Officer, requesting that said agenda item be continued to February 20, 2025.
97. Staff to provide a written report on the possibility of purchasing the property at 1350 Howard Avenue, Tampa, FL 33606 for the purpose of turning into a small park.  Memorandum from Ocea J. Wynn, Administrator of Neighborhood & Community Affairs, requesting that said agenda item be continued to January 23, 2025.