1.  Administration, legal staff, and the Board of Realtors to discuss ways to go after the seller instead of buyers, that are cited by Code Enforcement for issues created by the seller. (Motion to reschedule from the cancelled September 26, 2024 workshop initiated by Clendenin-Miranda on October 17, 2024) Memorandum from Camaria Pettis-Mackle, Assistant City Attorney, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
2.  Staff to have City Council approve contract or parking plans with public input for major construction projects. (Motion to reschedule from the cancelled September 26, 2024 workshop initiated by Clendenin-Miranda on October 17, 2024) Memorandum dated September 19, 2024 from Abbye Feeley, Interim Administrator for Development and Economic Opportunity, and JC Hudgison, Chief Building Official and Construction Services Manager, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
3.  Council to have a discussion on Planned Developments. (Motion to reschedule from the cancelled September 26, 2024 workshop initiated by Clendenin-Miranda on October 17, 2024)
4.  A discussion as to how and why Design Exceptions are made to projects after City Council has approved rezonings. (Motion to reschedule from the cancelled September 26, 2024 workshop initiated by Clendenin-Miranda on October 17, 2024) Memorandum dated September 11, 2024 from Eric Cotton, Development Coordination Manager, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
5.  CH 27 Staff to present the conceptual amendments for the July 2024 text amendment cycle, Tampa Land Development Coordination amendments. (Motion to reschedule from the cancelled September 26, 2024 workshop initiated by Clendenin-Miranda on October 17, 2024) Memorandum dated September 18, 2024 from Dana Crosby-Collier, Senior Assistant Attorney, and Eric Cotton, Development Coordination Manager, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
6.  Staff to include the request for conceptual language that would include large format media in the Central Business District on a limited basis together with the current amendments being brought forth.  Email from Phyllis Ho-Zuhars, Senior Executive Aide to Chief of Staff, transmitting a PowerPoint presentation for said agenda item.