1. **File No. REZ-24-61** Public Hearing on application of Alvaro Rodriguez request to rezone property generally located at 3704 and 3706 East Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard from RS-50 and CI to PD (Congregate Group Care Facility, Large). Resolution approving a bonus provision agreement between CNF Properties, LLC and the City of Tampa, in relation to REZ-24-61 for the property located at 3706 East Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard; authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date. (Said resolution to be adopted after second reading and adoption of the ordinance)
2. **File No. REZ-24-79** Public Hearing on application of Global Engineering request to rezone property generally located at 223 South Howard Avenue from CG to PD (All Commercial General Uses).
3. **File No. REZ-24-85** Public Hearing on application of Global Engineering request to rezone property generally located at 2010 East Idlewild Avenue from SH-RS to SH-PD (Residential, Single-Family Attached).
4. **File No. REZ-24-92** Public Hearing on application of Sal Guagliardo request to rezone property generally located at 4015 East 11th Avenue from RM-16 to CI (Commercial Intensive Uses).
5. **File No. REZ-24-95** Public Hearing on application of Cables Homes LLC request to rezone property generally located at 2508 North 58th Street from RM-16 to IG (Industrial General Uses).
6. **File No. REZ-24-98** Public Hearing on application of 1709 E Henry Ave LLC/Christopher Gentry request to rezone property generally located 1709 East Henry Avenue from SH-RS to SH-PD (Residential, Single-Family Detached).
7. **File No. REZ-24-99** Public Hearing on application of Daniel R Sefair request to rezone property generally located at 6111 North Rome Avenue from RS-50 to PD (Residential, Single-Family Attached & Detached).
8. **File No. REZ-24-112** Public Hearing on application of Ejrc Hyde Park Avenue LLC request to rezone property generally located at 509 South Hyde Park Avenue from PD to PD (Office, Business Professional & Medical Office).
9. **File No. REZ-23-71** Continued Public Hearing from November 14, 2024 on application of Bryan W. Sykes request to rezone property generally located at 5106 E. 21st Ave. from PD, RM-16 to CI. (6)c)C  -
10. **File No. REZ-24-78** Public Hearing on application of Charles Ernst request to rezone property generally located at 4202 West Spruce Street from PD and RS-50 to PD (Residential, Multi-Family). Email from Alex Schaler, applicant's representative, requesting that said public hearing be continued to April 10, 2025.
11. **File No. REZ-24-103** Public Hearing on application of Morrison Manor LLC request to rezone property generally located at 1002 South Braeburn Avenue and 3110 Morrison Avenue from RS-60 to PD (Business Professional Office). Email from Megan Smith, applicant's representative, requesting that said public hearing be continued to a future hearing date.

REZ-24-0000061:1, REZ-24-0000079:2, REZ-24-0000085:3, REZ-24-0000092:4, REZ-24-0000095:5, REZ-24-0000098:6, REZ-24-0000099:7, REZ-24-0000112:8, REZ-23-0000071:9, REZ-24-0000078:10, REZ-24-0000103:11