1. File No. VAC-23-30Public hearing on application by Cowboys And Pirates LLC (Agent-Isabelle Albert) requesting to vacate the alley lying North of W Amelia Ave, South of W Columbus Dr, East of N Glenwood Dr, and West of North Boulevard.  -
2. File No. REZ-25-12Public Hearing on application of Cowboys And Pirates LLC request to rezone property generally located at 702 W. Columbus Dr., 2502 and 2504 N. Boulevard from RS-60, CG and PD to PD (Storefront Residential/All CN Uses).
3. File No. REZ-24-09Public Hearing on application of Santiago San Martin request to rezone property generally located at 4913 N. MacDill Avenue from RM-24 to PD (Residential Single Family Attached).
4. File No. REZ-24-77Public Hearing on application of Global Engineering request to rezone property generally located at 4720 N. Clark Avenue from IG to PD (All IG Uses).
5. File No. REZ-24-94Public Hearing on application of PV-Spruce Westshore LLC request to rezone property generally located at 4115 and 4107 W. Spruce St. from PD to PD (Residential Multi-Family).
6. File No. REZ-24-107Public Hearing on application of Global Engineering request to rezone property generally located at 203 S. Moody Ave. from RO-1 to PD (Residential Single Family Detached & Semi-Detached).
7. File No. REZ-25-11Public Hearing on application of Liana Fuente request to rezone property generally located at 2705 and 2708 N. 18th Street from RS-50 to PD (Storefront Residential/CN Uses).
8. File No. REZ-24-52Continued Public Hearing from September 12, 2024 and November 14, 2024 on application of Pawn K. Rattan request to rezone property generally located at 205, 207, 209 E Columbus Dr, 2301, 2303, 2307, 2315 N. Florida Ave & others from RM-24 & CI to PD (Storefront Residential, All CG Uses, Commercial Parking). (6)c to November 14, 2024)  -  Resolution approving a Bonus Provision Agreement between Pawan K. Rattan, Rattan Pawan K. Trustee, Framework Group, LLC and the City of Tampa, in relation to REZ-24-52 for the property located at 2315 N. Florida Avenue, 2307 N. Florida Avenue, 2303 N. Florida Avenue, 2301 N. Florida Avenue, 205 E. Columbus Drive, 204 E. Amelia Avenue, 206 E. Amelia Avenue, 207 E. Columbus Drive, and 209 E. Columbus Drive, and an unaddressed parcel along E. Amelia Avenue between N. Florida Avenue and N. Morgan Street, bearing folio number 191373-0000; authorizing the execution thereof by the mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date. (Said resolution to be adopted after second reading and adoption of the ordinance)
9. File No. REZ-24-67Continued Public Hearing from November 14, 2024 on application of Mark Bentley request to rezone property generally located at 6225 and 6241 South 6th Street and 6322 Selbourne Avenue from RS-60 to PD (Residential, Single Family, Attached and Semi-Detached).
10. File No. REZ-24-47 (Will not be heard; Mis-noticed)Public Hearing on application of Marlon Colindres request to rezone property generally located at 2010 E. Powhatan Avenue from SH-RS to SH-RM.
11. File No. REZ-24-55 (Will not be heard; Request to Withdraw)Continued Public Hearing from November 14, 2024 on application of Ismrei LLC request to rezone property in the general vicinity of 2005 Gordon St. from RM-16 to PD (Residential Single Family Semi-Detached). (6)c to November 14, 2024) Email from Ralph Schuler, applicant's representative, requesting that said petition be withdrawn.
12. File No. REZ-24-90 (Will not be heard; Mis-noticed)Public Hearing on application of Ray Hajian request to rezone property generally located at 3916 W. Alva St. from CG to PD (Vehicle Sales & Leasing).
13. File No. REZ-24-102 (Will not be heard; Mis-Noticed)Public Hearing on application of Robert G li And Procisa Lawry request to rezone property generally located at 3604 Temple Street from RM-16 to RM-18.