1.  Presentation of Commendation to the Police Officer of the Month.
2.  Presentation of Commendation to the ATU Local 1464 Employee of the Month.
3.  (10-minute update) FDOT, Florida Department of Transportation to update City Council on projects within the City of Tampa. - (Motion to reschedule from July 18, 2024 initiated by Carlson-Henderson on June 27, 2024) - (Next quarterly appearance to be held on May 7, 2025) Memorandum from Vik Bhide, Director of Mobility Department, notifying City Council that FDOT does not have an update for this quarter.
4.  Resolution approving, consenting to, and confirming the appointment by the Mayor of Steven Brent Taylor (Building Contractor), as a member of the Architectural Review Commission, for the remainder of an unexpired three-year term commencing retroactively on January 14, 2024, and ending on January 13, 2027; Providing an effective date.
5.  Resolution of the City of Tampa approving Quote 9116-B, Remotec Domestic Sales Terms and Conditions as amended, and Remotec Extended Warranty Contract Terms and Conditions between the City of Tampa and Peraton, Remotec, Inc. for the standardization purchase of a Remotec Andros Spartan Bomb Disposal Robot in the estimated amount of $346,333 for use by the Tampa Police Department through the 2023 State Homeland Security Program (SHSP) Grant administered by the Tampa Police Department for the entire Tampa Bay Area; authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
6.  Resolution accepting the donation of a Briggs and Stratton Storm Responder 8500 generator estimated value of $799, from Morgan & Morgan, PA to the City of Tampa for use by the Tampa Police Department Mounted Unit; authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to accept such donation; providing an effective date.
7.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $16,800 within the Public Safety Contributions & Donations Fund for use by Tampa Fire Rescue for operating expenses involving the Motiva contribution; providing an effective date.
8.  Resolution approving a Parks & Recreation Agency Program Memorandum of agreement between the City of Tampa, Florida and Instruments 4 Life Inc., a Florida not for profit corporation to provide city of Tampa Parks & Recreation Department after school program youth participants with one-hour weekly instrument lessons at no cost to the city; authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
9.  Resolution approving a Parks & Recreation Agency Program Memorandum of agreement between the city of Tampa, Florida and the Florida Education Fund, Inc., a Florida not for profit corporation to provide city of Tampa Parks & Recreation Department after school and summer program youth participants with hands-on opportunities to learn to code and create with technology at no cost to the city; authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
10.  Resolution approving Amendment No. 2 to Agreement No. CZ620 between the City of Tampa and Florida Department of Environmental Protection; Authorizing execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; Providing an effective date.
11.  Resolution approving a social action and arts fund services agreement between the City of Tampa and B.E.A.U.T.E Blueprint Foundation, Inc., a Florida not-for-profit corporation for the purpose of providing tutoring, mentorship and a safe learning environment with an emphasis an emphasis increasing reading skills for City of Tampa youth in an amount not to exceed fifty thousand dollars ($50,000); authorizing the execution thereof by the mayor of the City of Tampa, providing an Tampa, providing an effective date.
12.  Resolution approving the Master Agreement between the City of Tampa and Ungerboeck Systems International, LLC and ORDER FORM Q-36232 for the purchase of the Ungerboeck Systems International Special Event Software, Hosting and Maintenance in the amount of $218,024.70 for a three-year term for use by the Tampa Convention Center; authorizing the Mayor to execute said agreement; providing an effective date nunc pro tunc to December 1, 2024.
13.  CH 28 Special Event Permit: UNCF Tampa Bay Walk for Education- Harrison St. from Orange Ave. to Central Ave, Scott St. from Orange Ave. to Central Ave.- February 8, 2025
14.  CH 28 Special Event Permit: Hollywood Awards Night- Franklin St. between Polk St. & Zack St.- March 2, 2025
15.  CH 28 Special Event Permit: Grown-Up Book Fair- Water St. between Channelside Dr. & Cumberland Ave., Raybon Ct.- March 5, 2025
16.  CH 28 Special Event Permit: WineFest 2025- Franklin St. between Polk St. & Zack St.- March 7&8, 2025
17.  CH 28 Special Event Permit: Breakthrough TID Walk- Channelside Dr, Bayshore Blvd.- March 9, 2025
18.  Resolution approving a Design-Build Services Agreement with a Guaranteed Maximum Price (GMP-1) for Contract 22-C-00029-GMP01 Salcines Park Improvements Design-Build between the City of Tampa and Phinazee Construction & Consulting Services, Inc., in the amount of $1,267,798.68; authorizing the Mayor to execute said Agreement on behalf of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
19.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 20) Resolution authorizing an Agreement for Consultant Services in the amount of $128,481.08 between the City of Tampa and CPH Consulting, LLC in connection with contract 24-D-00027 Lakeshore Pump Station Force Main Replacement Design; authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to execute same; providing an effective date.
20.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 19) Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $128,481.08 for the Lakeshore Pump Station Force Main Replacement Project to be used by the Wastewater Department within the Wastewater Capital Construction Fund; providing an effective date.
21.  Resolution approving a purchase under the Florida Sheriffs Association Contract No. FSA23-EQU21.0: Equipment of One (1) Caterpillar MH3022 Material Handler Vehicle from Ring Power Corporation in the amount of $428,524 for use by the Department of Solid Waste and Environmental Program Management; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
22.  Resolution approving an Agreement for Design-Build Initial Services in the amount of $2,362,603 between the City of Tampa and J. Kokolakis Contracting, Inc. in connection with Contract 24-V-00019 TFR – Fire Station No. 24 Design-Build (project); authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to execute same; providing an effective date.
23.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 24) Resolution accepting the proposal of Eau Gallie Electric, Inc. pertaining to Contract 23-C-00023 Swann Pump Station Generator Installation, in the amount of $776,000; authorizing the execution of the Contract by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
24.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 23) Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $776,000 for the Swann Pumping Station – Generator Installation Project to be used by the Wastewater Department within the Wastewater Capital Construction Fund; providing an effective date.
25.  Resolution approving a purchase under the Florida Sheriffs Association Contract No. FSA23-Veh21.1: Heavy Trucks & Buses of one (1) Freightliner M2 with Lined 10-Yard Dump Body Vehicle from Tampa Truck Center LLC in the amount of $155,180 for use by the Water Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
26.  Resolution approving the bid of General Facility Care LLC for the furnishing of WTE Janitorial Services (Sheltered Market Solicitation) in the estimated amount of $125,100 over a three-year term for use by the Department of Solid Waste and Environmental Program Management, Waste to Energy Facility (WTE); authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
27.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 28) Resolution approving contract Change Order 1 adding $113,366.88 to the contract between the City of Tampa and C&T Contracting Services, LLC for Contract 22-C-00003, Construction of Ballast Point Pumping Station Rehabilitation; authorizing execution of said Change Order by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
28.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 27) Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $113,366.88 for the Ballast Point Pumping Station Rehabilitation Project to be used by the Wastewater Department within the Wastewater Bonds – Series 2022 Capital Projects Fund; providing an effective date.
29.  Resolution authorizing an Agreement for Consultant Services in the amount of $1,804,770.80 between the City of Tampa and Kisinger Campo & Associates, Corp. in connection with Contract 23-D-00033; Lois Ave from W Cleveland St to SR 616/Boy Scout Blvd; authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to execute said agreement on behalf of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
30.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 31) Resolution authorizing an Agreement for Consultant Services in the amount of $495,403 between the City of Tampa and Arcadis U.S., Inc. in connection with Contract 24-D-00036 Howard F. Curren Advanced Wastewater Treatment Facility National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) Permit Renewal; authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to execute same; providing an effective date.
31.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 30) Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $300,000 for the Howard F. Curren Advanced Wastewater Treatment Plant National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) Permit Renewal to be used by the Wastewater Department within the Wastewater Capital Construction Fund; providing an effective date.
32.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $500,000 for interest expenses on customer deposits for use by Water Department within the Consumer Services Fund; providing an effective date.
33.  Resolution approving the acceptance of a Grant of Stormwater Drainage Easement from Osman A. Latif and Seung Hi Yon, to the City of Tampa for Stormwater facilities located at 2301 South Occident Street, Tampa, Florida; Providing an effective date.
34.  Resolution approving the acceptance of a Grant of Wastewater Easement from Florida Health Sciences Center, Inc. d/b/a Tampa General Hospital, for wastewater facilities within the property located at 1307 West Kennedy Boulevard in Tampa, Florida; Providing an effective date.
35.  Resolution approving a social action & arts fund agreement for person with intellectual disabilities internship administrator services between the City of Tampa, Florida, and MacDonald Training Central Inc. to provide internship opportunities with city departments for persons with intellectual disabilities in the amount of twenty-five thousand dollars ($25,000); authorizing the execution thereof by the mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
36.  Resolution approving the renewal of a Services Master Agreement, as amended, between the City of Tampa and Xerox Corporation, for the provision of Managed Print Services (Re-Bid) in the estimated amount of $320,000 for use by various Departments managed by the Technology and Innovation Department; providing an effective date.
37.  Resolution approving an Order Form (Quote No. Q- 269229) between the City of Tampa and UKG Kronos Systems, LLC for five software licenses to utilize the UKG Workforce Central Archive hosted on-premises at the City, free of charge, for use by the Technology and Innovation Department; authorizing the Mayor to execute said Order Form; providing an effective date.
38.  Christine Glover, Director of Internal Audit, transmitting audit report Tampa Convention Center-Operations, dated January 9, 2025
39. **File No. DEO24-10462** Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Lease Agreement between the City of Tampa, as Tenant, and Ybor Land, LLC and Fox International, LLC, as Landlords, for the Lease of real properties located at 2805, 2709, 2705, 2707, 2703, and 2615 E. 7th Avenue, in Tampa, Florida, for the use a temporary location to store special events equipment and vehicles, providing an effective date.  Memorandum from Michelle Van Loan, Real Estate Director, requesting that said agenda item be removed.
40. **File No. DEO25-11688** Resolution approving a Second Amendment to Emergency Services Grant Agreement between the City of Tampa and Tampa Hillsborough Homeless Initiative, Inc.; reducing the total funding amount to an amount not to exceed $860,018.86 over a three-year period; amending the funding schedule to reallocate funds in the amount of $40,252.86 from fiscal year 2024 to fiscal year 2025, for total funding for fiscal year 2025 not to exceed $313,848.86; approving and authorizing execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
41. **File No. DEO25-11691** Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Private Dock Agreement between the City of Tampa and Jennifer Scher and Jarrod Bray for the construction and operation of certain dock structures, facilities, and/or seawall on and over submerged lands owned and held by the City in the vicinity of 6022 River Terrace, Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
42. **File No. DEO25-11692** Resolution approving and adopting The Substantial Amendment to the HUD Fiscal Year 2025/Program Year 2024 Annual Action Plan to include the Special Allocation For ESG RUSH Funding for Housing and Community Development Programs; Approving the Submission to the appropriate agency; Providing an Effective Date.
43. **File No. DEO25-11693** Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Grant of Utility Easement in favor of Tampa Electric Company for the provision of electrical service to City-owned property located at 499 Suwanee Circle, Tampa, Florida; Providing an effective date.
44. **File No. DEO25-11809** Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of Grant Closeout Agreement for Emergency Solutions Grants under the CARES Act (ESG-CV) Program between the City of Tampa and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development; Providing for the close out of a grant received under the CARES Act (ESG-CV) Program; Providing an effective date.
45.  Resolution approving the standardization purchase from Osburn Associates, Inc. for Traffic Sign Sheeting and TrafficJet Plus Printer Ink and Parts in the estimated amount of $150,000 for use by the Mobility Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
46.  Resolution setting public hearings on March 6, 2025 at 10:30 a.m., and March 27, 2025 at 10:30 a.m., or soon thereafter, in City Council Chambers, 315 E. Kennedy Blvd., 3rd Floor, Tampa, FL 33602, relating to the Development Agreement for 35th Street Multi-Family Project between the City of Tampa and Uptown Ybor, LLC, relating to the property located at 2305 N. 35th Street, Tampa, Florida and generally bounded by N. 34th Street to the west, Interstate-4 to the north, N. 36th Street to the east and E. 12th Avenue to the south; Providing for two notices of intent to consider said agreement; Providing for an effective date.
47.  CH 2 (UNAN; Carlson absent)  -   Memorandum from DeAnna Faggart, Purchasing Director, transmitting a brief update on said agenda item.
48.  CH 2 (UNAN; Carlson absent)  -
49. **File No. REZ-23-71** (UNAN)  -
50. **File No. REZ-24-61** (UNAN)  -   Resolution approving a bonus provision agreement between CNF Properties, LLC and the City of Tampa, in relation to REZ-24-61 for the property located at 3706 East Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard; authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date. (Said resolution to be adopted after second reading and adoption of the ordinance)
51. **File No. REZ-24-79** (UNAN)  -
52. **File No. REZ-24-92** (UNAN)  -
53. **File No. REZ-24-95** (UNAN)  -
54. **File No. REZ-24-98** (UNAN; Viera absent at vote)  -
55. **File No. REZ-24-112** (UNAN)  -
56. **File No. SU1-24-66-C** Review hearing on petition for review filed by Constantino Kastis, owner, requesting a review hearing regarding a decision of the Zoning Administrator, SU1-24-0000066, pertaining to the property located at 706 East Hugh Street.  Letter from Constantino Dean Kastis, requesting that said review hearing be continued.
57. **File No. DE1-24-262-C** Review Hearing on Petition for Review filed by Dale Swope, owner, requesting a review hearing regarding a decision of the Zoning Administrator, DE1-24-0000262, pertaining to the property located at 711 W. Hilda Street.
58.  CH 25  -  Memorandum from Vik Bhide, Director of Mobility Department, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
59. Administration Update
60. **File No. DEO25-11752** (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.) Resolution approving a State Housing Initiatives Partnership Program/Housing Program Funds Agreement between the City of Tampa and ICF Incorporated, L.L.C. in an amount not to exceed $3,213,000.00, for the provision of providing services to assist homeowners affected by Hurricanes Helene and Milton with mortgage payments, home repairs, and insurance deductibles; Authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; Providing an effective date.
61.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 62) (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.) Resolution accepting the proposal of Insituform Technologies, LLC pertaining to Contract 25-C-00012 Wastewater Gravity Sewer Rehabilitation by Cured-in-Place Pipe (CIPP) - FY25, in the amount of $3,349,124; authorizing the execution of the Contract by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brad Baird, Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
62.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 61) Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $349,124 for the Annual Wastewater Cured-in-place Pipeline Rehabilitation Contract Project to be used by the Wastewater Department within the Wastewater Capital Construction Fund; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brad Baird, Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
63.  (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.) Resolution approving an award between the City of Tampa and Thatcher Chemical of Florida, Inc. as the Primary Awardee and the City of Tampa and Polydyne Inc. as the Secondary Awardee for the furnishing of Liquid Methanol (Re-Bid) in the estimated amount of $6,723,200 for use by the Wastewater Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brad Baird, Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
64.  (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.) Resolution accepting the proposal of Ferreira Construction Co. Inc. pertaining to Contract 24-C-00041 Ditch Rehabilitation - Grady Avenue & 43rd Street, in the amount of $3,385,941.99; authorizing the execution of the Contract by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brad Baird, Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
65.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 66) (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.) Resolution approving Contract Change Order 1 Renewal adding $4,271,372 for the Contract between the City of Tampa and Sunrise Utility Construction, Inc., for Contract 23-C-00018, Citywide Wastewater Collection Systems Repair-FY23, authorizing execution of said change order by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brad Baird, Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
66.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 65) Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $4,271,372 for the Citywide Wastewater Collection Systems Repair Project to be used by the Wastewater Department within the Wastewater Capital Construction Fund; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brad Baird, Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
67.  Tampa Fire Rescue and the Real Estate Department to provide an updated report on the status of the property acquisition for Fleet Maintenance; the status of Fire Station 24; K-Bar Ranch, and the status of needed improvements for Channelside and downtown; in addition, the Administration, including Contract Administration and any other relevant departments, be requested to provide a verbal and written report on what needs to be done for a plan to shorten the timeline for a groundbreaking on Station 24 to October of 2025. (Motion to reschedule from October 3, 2024 to said date initiated by Viera-Miranda on August 19, 2024)(Motion requesting an update initiated by Viera-Hurtak on September 5, 2024)(Amended motion initiated by Viera-Miranda on December 19, 2024) Memorandum from Richard Mutterback, Director of Contract Administration, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
68.  Staff to brief City Council on perspective resolution of the public safety records request done by Tampa Firefighters Local 754, representatives of the Administration, and Tampa Fire Rescue.
69.  Staff to report on how to preserve the fire house, jail, and surrounding property in Port Tampa City.
70.  Administration to provide an update on the naming of the East Tampa Regional Complex for Mr. Artis Gambrell.   Memorandum from Michelle Van Loan, Real Estate Director, transmitting a brief written response to said agenda item.
71.  Staff to report on a plan for backup generators for all stormwater ponds citywide.  Memorandum from Vik Bhide, Director of Mobility Department, notifying City Council that staff will be presenting a verbal report.
72.  Staff to report on short term solutions for flooding challenges in North Tampa.  Memorandum from Vik Bhide, Director of Mobility Department, notifying City Council that staff will be presenting a verbal report.
73.  Code Enforcement to present a 5-minute report on monitoring the parking compliance in Ybor City; further, that Eric Cotton, Development Coordination Manager, or Abbey Feeley, Deputy Administrator for Development and Economic Opportunity, to be present to provide an update on the progress of getting parking lots into compliance.  (Next bi-monthly report to be scheduled for April 3, 2025) Memorandum from Keith O'Connor, Director of Neighborhood Enhancement; Dennis Fernandez, Historic Preservation Manager; and Eric Cotton, Development Coordination Manager, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
74.  Memorandum from Shirley Foxx-Knowles, City Clerk, transmitting the Tentative 2025-2026 City Council Calendar for the period from February 6, 2025 through July 31, 2026 for Council’s consideration and approval.
75.  Mobility Department to provide a 5-minute quarterly update as to what roads are being repaired, what roads are planned to be repaired, and an update on the status of the road repair budget. (Next quarterly update will be held on April 3, 2025) Memorandum from Vik Bhide, Director of Mobility Department, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
76.  Staff to prepare a quarterly written report on the JOC Program to include the following data points: Prime Contractor name, job order name/title; total award amount; type of utilization (SLBE & W/MBE categories); anticipated utilization amounts; and department name.  Memorandum from Adriana Colina, Director of Logistics & Asset Management; DeAnna Faggart, Purchasing Director; and Bertha Mitchell, Minority Business Development Manager, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
77.  Parks & Recreation staff to provide a written report regarding community outreach and engagement plans for the K Bar Ranch park design.  Memorandum from Tony Mulkey, Director of Tampa Parks & Recreation, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
78.  Mobility Department to provide a written report on the status of repaving North Boulevard.
79.  Staff to provide a written report on Cigar Cathedral from Code Enforcement and Permitting.  Memorandum from JC Hudgison, Chief Building Official, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.

REZ-23-0000071:1, REZ-24-0000061:2, REZ-24-0000079:3, REZ-24-0000092:4, REZ-24-0000095:5, REZ-24-0000098:6, REZ-24-0000112:7