1. Presentation of commendation to the Tampa Water Department, as it proclaims May 4-10, 2025, as Drinking Water Week.

2. Feeding Tampa Bay to provide a 10-minute presentation on their annual report.

3. (3-minute presentation per applicant) Presentation of applicants expressing an interest in being appointed to a position on the Equal Business Opportunity Advisory Committee (EBOAC). Shirley Fox-Knowles, City Clerk, transmitting twenty-nine (29) applications expressing an interest in being considered for an appointment for one of the following available EBOAC positions: African American Citizen; Hispanic American Citizen; Caucasian Female Citizen; Caucasian Male Citizen; Ethnic Minority Citizen (non-specific); and Citizens At-Large (Representing WMBE Community).

4. Resolution approving a Donation Agreement between the City of Tampa Police Department Mounted Patrol Unit and Martin and Tammy Werner for the donation of one horse named Henry, a 6-year-old male Clydesdale, estimated value $13,000; authorizing execution by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.

5. (Part 1 of 2) (See Item 6) Resolution of the City Of Tampa, Florida Accepting a Monetary Donation from the Frank Mangano Foundation in the amount of Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000) to support Tampa Fire Rescue Operations; Authorizing the Mayor of the City Of Tampa to execute the acceptance of said donation.

6. (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 5) Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; Approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $5,000 within the Public Safety Contributions & Donations Fund from the Frank Mangano Foundation for use by Tampa Fire Rescue; Providing an effective date.

7. Resolution approving the amendment to the contract between City of Tampa and Versaterm Inc, entered into July 23, 1998 (Resolution 98-1009) for the Tampa Police Department; adding Criminal Justice Information Services (CJIS) Security Addendum; authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the city of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.

8. Resolution approving a Social Action & Arts Fund Services agreement between the Crisis Center of Tampa Bay (Crisis Center), and the City of Tampa (City) for an amount up to $24,000; authorizing execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.

9. Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and Nelson’s Tree Farm and Nursery, Inc., with a Consumer Price Index (CPI) price escalation of 3.0%, for the provision of Downtown Parks, Playgrounds and Other City Owned Properties Grounds Maintenance (Sheltered Market Solicitation) in the estimated amount of $427,379 for use by the Parks and Recreation Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.

10. Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for mowing and/or removing offensive accumulations from certain real properties in the city after failure of the interested parties to mow and/or remove the offensive accumulations from the following properties: (1) 1507 E Fowler Ave, (2) 2205 E 17th Ave, (3) 3421 N 9th St, (4) 11323 N Rome Ave, and (5) 7406 S Obrien St; authorizing a certified copy of this resolution and exhibit to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a lien; providing an effective date.

11. CH 28 Special Event Permit: Best Buddies Friendship Walk Tampa Bay- Harrison St from Orange Ave. to Central Ave., Central Ave. from Harrison St. to Ray Charles Blvd., Scott St. from Orange Ave to Central Ave- April 26, 2025

12. CH 28 Special Event Permit: TPD Juneteenth Summer Block Party- Harrison St. from Orange Ave. to Central Ave., Central Ave. from Harrison St. to Ray Charles Blvd. - June 19, 2025

13. Resolution of the City Council of the City of Tampa, Florida, approving a first amendment to the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) for governmental entity access to Driver And Vehicle Information Database system (DAVID) with the Florida Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles (FLHSMV); authorizing execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.

14. Resolution approving a purchase under the Florida Sheriffs Association Contract No. FSA23-VEH21.1: Heavy Trucks and Buses of One (1) Battle Motors Let2 Chassis with Heil 40yd Front Loader Body Vehicle from Container Systems & Equipment Co., Inc. in the amount of $541,615 for use by the Department of Solid Waste & Environmental Program Management; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.

15. Resolution approving a purchase under the Bradford County Sheriff’s Office Contract, BCSO 22-27-1.0 of one (1) Ford F-550 Extended Cab with Valve Turner Body Vehicle, from Duval Ford, LLC at a total amount of $272,367.44 for use by the Water Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.

16. Resolution approving the Standardization purchase of one (1) Ford F-550 with Cues CCTV Body Truck from Cues, Inc. doing business in the State of Florida as Cues, Inc. (Delaware) in the estimated amount of $455,535.23 for use by the Wastewater Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.

17. Resolution approving a purchase under the Bradford County Sheriff’s Office Contract, BCSO 22-27-1.0 of one (1) Ford F-550 Extended Cab with Stahl Utility Body Vehicle, from Duval Ford, LLC at a total amount of $210,412.95 for use by the Department of Solid Waste and Environmental Program Management; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.

18. Resolution approving a purchase under the Florida Sheriffs Association Contract No. FSA24-VEL32.0: Pursuit, Administrative, and Other Trucks of five (5) Ford F-150 Crew Cab Trucks from Duval Ford, LLC in the amount of $265,975 for use by the Department of Solid Waste and Environmental Program Management; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.

19. Resolution authorizing an agreement for consultant services in the amount of $911,400 between the City of Tampa and AECOM Technical Services, Inc., In connection with Contract 24-D-00023 University Pumping Station-Rehabilitation Design; authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa To execute said agreement on behalf of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.

20. Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and Pro Serv Industrial Contractors, LLC, without a price increase, for the provision of McKay Bay Waste to Energy (WTE) Facility Mechanical Service in the estimated amount of $826,095 for use by the Department of Solid Waste & Environmental Program Management; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.

21. Resolution amending Resolution No. 2024-405, passed and adopted by the City Council of the City of Tampa on May 16, 2024, by correcting a scrivener’s error in section 1 of said resolution by correcting the date of commencement of the renewal term of an award and approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and Matrix Power Services, Inc., without a price escalation, for the furnishing of McKay Bay Waste to Energy (WTE) Facility Boilermaker Services in the estimated amount of $1,011,393.92 for use by the Department of Solid Waste & Environmental Program Management; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.

22. Resolution amending Resolution No. 2025-55, passed and adopted by the City Council of the City of Tampa on January 23, 2025, which approved a renewal of an agreement between the City of Tampa and Blue Monkey Disposing & Recycling Inc. for the provision of Alternative Disposal Facility for the Disposal of Class III Waste in the estimated amount of $584,250 for use by the Department of Solid Waste & Environmental Program Management in order to provide for a Consumer Price Index (CPI) price increase of 2.5%; providing an effective date.

23. Resolution approving an agreement between the City of Tampa and Quest Corporation of America, Inc. for the furnishing of communication and outreach for the Water Department, in not to exceed amount of $200,000 over a three-year term for use by the Water Department; authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to execute said agreement; providing an effective date.

24. Resolution authorizing an Agreement for Consultant Services in the amount of $1,750,000 between the City of Tampa and HNTB Corporation in connection with Contract 24-D-00034 Regional Infrastructure Accelerator; authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to execute same; providing an effective date.

25. Resolution authorizing Change Order 1 Final To GMP-3 Contract 20-C-00002 Comprehensive Infrastructure for Tampa’s Neighborhoods - Design Build between the City of Tampa and Kiewit Infrastructure South Co.; a decrease in the amount of $1,796,760.45, and final payment in the amount of $5,000, authorizing execution of Change Order 1 by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; Providing an effective date.

26. Resolution of the City Council of the City of Tampa, Florida, calling for a public hearing pursuant to section 255.20, Florida statutes, to consider authorizing the City of Tampa to perform Empedrado Street water main replacement using its own services, employees and equipment; providing an effective date.

27. Resolution establishing an updated and recalculated fee schedule for payment into a Sidewalk Trust Fund pursuant to sections 22-103 and 22-104 of the City of Tampa Code of Ordinances when the construction of a sidewalk is determined to be not practical by increasing the fee from $29 per linear foot of sidewalk as established by resolution 2010-1050 to $220 per linear foot of sidewalk; providing for said fee to supersede the previous schedule of fee; providing an effective date.

28. Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and Smith Industries, Inc. dba Smith Fence Company, without a price escalation, for the furnishing of Citywide Fencing (Chain-Link, Gates and Wood Bollards) in the estimated amount of $750,000 for use by Various Departments; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.

29. Resolution of the City of Tampa, Florida, approving an addendum to the agreement and order form between the City of Tampa and Thomson Reuters Enterprise Centre GmbH LLC and West Publishing Corporation for the purchase of the West Proflex Subscription in the amount of $99,744 for use by the City Attorney’s Office; authorizing the Mayor to execute said addendum to the agreement and order form; providing an effective date.

30. Resolution receiving and filing the City of Tampa Annual Comprehensive Financial Report (ACFR) for the Fiscal Year ending September 30, 2024.

31. Resolution approving a Settlement Agreement in the lawsuit OE Alloy Paris, LLC v. City of Tampa and JC Hudgison, in his official capacity as the Building Official for the City of Tampa et al, Case No. 24-CA-002791; Authorizing execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; And providing for an effective date.

32. Christine Glover, Director of Internal Audit, transmitting audit report Mobility - Customer Service and Procurement, dated April 3, 2025

33. Resolution approving a development agreement by and between the City of Tampa and Jaywen Properties, LLC; providing for the conveyance of a city infill lot located at 1903 N. Taliaferro Avenue, Tampa, Florida, and the development, construction, and sale/rental of such property for use as an affordable single-family attached or single-family detached residential dwelling unit(s) by an income-qualified buyer or renter as part of the City’s Infill III program; authorizing the Mayor to execute and the City Clerk to attest to said agreement and the exhibits thereto; providing an effective date.

34. Resolution approving a development agreement by and between the City of Tampa and 3M Productions LLC; providing for the conveyance of a City infill lot located at 3207 Holmes Street, Tampa, Florida, and the development, construction, and sale/rental of such property for use as an affordable single-family attached or single-family detached residential dwelling unit(s) by an income-qualified buyer or renter as part of the City’s Infill III program; providing for a loan in an amount up to $5,000.00 of Housing Program Funds for infrastructure improvements; authorizing the Mayor to execute and the City Clerk to attest to said agreement and exhibits thereto; providing an effective date.

35. Resolution approving a development agreement by and between the City of Tampa and Allure Realty LLC; providing for the conveyance of a city infill lot located at 1807 N Mitchell Avenue, Tampa, Florida, and the development, construction, and sale/ rental of such property for use as an affordable single-family attached or single-family detached residential dwelling unit(s) by an income-qualified buyer or renter as part of the City’s Infill III program; providing for a loan in an amount up to $13,900.00 of Housing Program Funds for infrastructure improvements; authorizing the Mayor to execute and the City Clerk to attest to said agreement and exhibits thereto; providing an effective date.

36. Resolution approving a development agreement by and between the City of Tampa and I G B M LLC; providing for the conveyance of a city infill lot located at 4805 35th Circle, Tampa, Florida, and the development, construction, and sale/ rental of such property for use as an affordable single-family attached or single-family detached residential dwelling unit(s) by an income-qualified buyer or renter as part of the City’s Infill III program; providing for a loan in an amount up to $26,100.00 of Housing Program Funds for infrastructure improvements; authorizing the Mayor to execute and the City Clerk to attest to said agreement and exhibits thereto; providing an effective date.

37. Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Private Seawall Agreement between the City of Tampa and Robert M. Herring and Bertie G. Herring, Co-Trustees, of the Herring Trust Under Agreement dated May 11, 1994 for the construction and operation of certain seawall structures on and over submerged lands owned and held by the City in the vicinity of 7505 E. Veve Lane, Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.

38. Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Contract for Sale and Purchase between the City of Tampa, as Purchaser, and Laura E. Meyer, as Seller, for the purchase of real property located in the vicinity of Bermuda Boulevard, Tampa, Florida, at a purchase prices of $80,000 together with closing costs in the approximate amount of $3,000; for Mobility purposes; approving the acceptance of the proposed form Warranty Deed; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Michelle Van Loan, Director of Real Estate, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.

39. Resolution approving the acceptance of a Grant of Non-Exclusive Wastewater Easement from Hillsborough County Aviation Authority, for wastewater facilities within the property located at 5020 West Tampa Bay Boulevard in Tampa, Florida; Providing an effective date.

40. Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Release of Easements, renouncing, discontinuing and abandoning any interest in and to the platted and deeded utility easements encumbering the real property located at 5038 W. Dickens Avenue in Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.

41. Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Right-of-Way Encroachment Agreement allowing existing encroachments in the form of three awnings that are located at 107 S. Franklin Street to encroach over a portion of the City of Tampa’s Franklin Street right-of-way in the area and manner identified herein; providing an effective date.

42. Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Subordination of City Utility Interests in favor of Florida Department of Transportation to allow for joint use of City's easement area located at 5405 Cypress Center Drive; Providing an effective date.

43. Resolution partially vacating the Plat of Hanan Estates as recorded in Plat Book 14, Page 43, of the public records of Hillsborough County and approving a replat of same to be known as Hanan Estates Addition 1, contingent upon certain conditions; authorizing the Chairman of the City Council and the City Clerk to execute a proper certificate of the replat; providing an effective date.

44. Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a replacement home work contract between the City of Tampa, Promise Construction and Repair Solutions LLC and Barry F Inman, providing for a loan of $272,292.00 under State Housing Initiatives Partnership (SHIP) to provide funding for construction of a single family replacement housing unit; providing an effective date.

45. Resolution approving a purchase under the Bradford County Sheriff’s Office Contract, BCSO 22-27-1.0 of one (1) Ford F-550 Extended Cab with Stellar Utility Body Vehicle, from Duval Ford, LLC at a total amount of $218,526.07 for use by the Logistics and Asset Management/Fleet Management; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.

46. Resolution approving a purchase under the Florida Sheriffs Association Contract No. FSA23-EQU21.0: Equipment of one (1) John Deere 210P Excavator from Dobbs Equipment, LLC in the amount of $247,636 for use by the Mobility Department/Stormwater Division; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.

47. Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $281,601 within the Utilities Services Tax, Fleet Maintenance Operations, and Fleet Maintenance Capital Funds for use by the Logistics & Asset Management Department/Fleet Maintenance Division for the purchase of transportation equipment for various departments; providing an effective date.

48. Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation and/or appropriation of $10,000 within the General Fund and the Parking Operations Fund for use by the Parking Division for the e-Bike Voucher Program; providing an effective date.

49. **File No. VAC-25-01** (UNAN) An ordinance of the City of Tampa, Florida, vacating, closing, discontinuing and abandoning a portion of W. Chelsea Street right-of-way located North of Alva Street, South of Cayuga Street, East of Manhattan Avenue, and West of Hubert Avenue, within the re-plat of Drew Park in the City of Tampa, Hillsborough County, Florida, as more fully described in section 2 hereof, subject to certain covenants, conditions and restrictions as more particularly set forth herein; providing for enforcement and penalties for violations; providing for definitions, interpretations and repealing conflicts; providing for severability; providing an effective date.

50. CH 15 (UNAN) An Ordinance of the City of Tampa, Florida, deleting, in its entirety, the City of Tampa Code of Ordinances, Chapter 15, Parking; adopting a revised Chapter 15, Parking; providing for severability; providing an effective date.  Memorandum from Vik Bhide, Director of Mobility Department, transmitting a substitute ordinance for said agenda item.  (Substitute ordinance being presented for second reading and adoption) - An Ordinance of the City of Tampa, Florida, deleting, in its entirety, the City of Tampa Code of Ordinances, Chapter 15, Parking; adopting a revised Chapter 15, Parking; providing for severability; providing an effective date.

51. **File No. DE1-25-01-C** (Will not be heard; Request to Withdraw) Continued Review Hearing from March 6, 2025 on petition for review filed by Dr. Monica Lake, owner, requesting a review hearing regarding a decision of the Zoning Administrator, DE1-25-01, pertaining to the property located at 1802 N. Armenia Avenue.  Email from Patricia Ortiz, applicant's representative, requesting that said review hearing be withdrawn.

52. Administration Update

53. (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 54) (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.) Resolution accepting the proposal of JVS Contracting, Inc. pertaining to Contract 25-C-00013 Citywide Wastewater Collection Systems Repair FY25, in the amount of $5,501,600; authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to execute said Contract on behalf of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brad L. Baird, P.E., Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.

54. (Part 2 of 2) (See Item 53) (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.) Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $5,501,600 for the Citywide Wastewater Collection Systems Repair Project to be used by the Wastewater Department within the Wastewater Capital Construction Fund; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brad L. Baird, P.E., Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.

55. Whit Remer, Sustainability and Resilience Officer, to provide an update on what has been done so far with anything that has been done to save energy value.  Email from Phyllis Ho-Zuhars, Senior Executive Aide to Chief of Staff, transmitting a PowerPoint presentation for said agenda item.

56. Staff to appear in-person to answer 3 questions regarding the West River District Multi-Modal Network and Safety Improvements BUILD Segments 1-6 project: If the BUILD grant is cancelled - What other funding sources could be pursued to continue with the project as designed; What scope reduction would need to be made to compensate for the loss of 24M BUILD grant; To date, what is the total amount that has been spent on this project.  Memorandum from Brandon Campbell, Transportation Services Director, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.

57. Staff and the Legal Department to come back with an ordinance that is consistent with state laws on incentives that can be used in the City of Tampa for contractors regarding apprenticeships; that Brenda McKenzie, Workforce Partnerships and Special Projects Director, provide briefing on what the apprenticeship law has done; further that the Contracting Community and the Union be a part of it. (Motion to reschedule from February 20, 2025 to April 17, 2025 initiated by Viera-Carlson on February 6, 2025)

58. Council to partner with John Bennett, Chief of Staff, to engage an employment attorney to conduct an analysis of the City’s processes regarding employee grievances and to interview a sample of employees who feel aggrieved, current and former employees, and report back with a series of recommendations of how we can improve our employee grievances processes going forward; also, for sample to include the employees who have left the following departments: Economic Opportunity, Mobility, Tampa Police, Tampa Fire and Legal including CRA Director candidate who withdrew his candidacy, within the last 5 years.

59. Staff to provide a 5-minute report to present the results and recommendations of the Expansion Market Feasibility Study for the Convention Center performed by Sports & Leisure International, LLC.  Memorandum from David Ingram, Executive Director for Convention Center and Tourism, requesting that said agenda item be continued to June 5, 2025.

60. City Council to have a discussion on scheduling an evening session on July 31, 2025 for both Alcoholic Beverage (AB-2) and Comprehensive Plan Amendment cases.

61. Staff to present monthly reports, quarterly in-person, otherwise written reports on an update on the status of Station 24 to include reports from Fire Chief Barbara Tripp, Director of Contract Administration Richard Mutterback, and the Project Manager. In addition, this would include updates on the date for a groundbreaking. (Motion to reschedule from October 3, 2024 to said date initiated by Viera-Miranda on August 19, 2024)(Motion requesting an update initiated by Viera-Hurtak on September 5, 2024)(Amended motion initiated by Viera-Miranda on December 19, 2024) (Next monthly written report to be scheduled for May 15, 2025)

62. Staff to work with Hagar Kopesky, City Council Budget Analyst, to create and provide an updated list of the new format that will show purchases of less than $200,000, and the ways to share with the public monthly.

63. Staff to provide a written report on the status of the ideas that were discussed, on approving contractor parking plans with public input from major construction and residential projects.  Memorandum from JC Hudgison, Chief Building Official, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.

64. Staff to report back on which City department owns and operates the property behind 9419 Forest Hills Dr. Tampa, FL. 33612. In addition, that the appropriate department report back on the maintenance plan for the property as residents are concerned about a lack of drainage on this property due to a lack of maintenance dealing with culverts and ditches.  Memorandum from Vik Bhide, Director of Mobility Department, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.

VAC-25-0000001:49

---
*Source: [Original Agenda Document](https://tampagov.hylandcloud.com/221agendaonline/Documents/ViewAgenda?meetingId=2524&type=agenda&doctype=1)*