1.  Staff to assist with discussion about the possibility of creating a City fund to assist property owners with an analysis to determine if a property contains lost graves and to buy the property and/or an easement to protect the graves.  Memorandum from Ocea Wynn, Administrator of Neighborhood and Community Affairs, notifying City Council that staff will provide an in-person report.
2.  Bi-Annual Capital Improvement Project Report and Presentation.  Memorandum from Jean Duncan, Administrator of Infrastructure and Mobility, transmitting the Great 8 Capital Improvement Presentation and the Great 8 Capital Projects Report for said agenda item.
3.  Dennis Roger, Chief Financial Officer, to present answers from the questions that were presented by Councilmembers to Dennis Rogero, Chief Financial Officer, and Hagar Kopesky, Council Budget Analyst, pertaining to the general fund major revenue.  Memorandum from Michael Perry, Budget Officer, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
4.  Chief Financial Officer be requested to provide an annual presentation on bonding capacity. (Next annual report scheduled for February 27, 2025) Memorandum from Dennis Rogero, Chief Financial Officer, notifying City Council that staff will provide an in-person report.
5.  Staff to present a draft ordinance that would require a fair market appraisal be completed of any property proposed to be sold or transferred, and to include that the appraisal be presented to City Council prior to a vote to sell or transfer property.
6.  Land Development staff to report on modifying Section 27-283.6 to require that terms of any parking leases shall be no less than 5 years in duration and contain no early termination clause. In addition, the obligation must be assigned to any successor. Such agreement shall be annexed to the approved site plan and a listing of all approved leases shall be maintained. Failure to comply with this section shall be a violation of this chapter.
7.  Council to discuss Council salary for the future election cycle beginning May 1, 2027 and what said salary should be tied to; further, that Councilmembers present their ideas during said discussion.