1. Current Downtown CAC Vice Chair, MaryBeth Williams, to appear and provide a verbal report outlining activities and/or concerns of said CAC. -
2. CRA Director's Monthly Report Memorandum from Cedric McCray, Interim CRA Director, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
3. Staff to provide a report on wheelchair accessible playground equipment at Water Works Park and Curtis Hixon Waterfront Park and what can be done to accommodate this.  Memorandum from Courtney Orr, CRA Development Manager, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
4. CRA Staff to present an action plan to build affordable housing for Veterans.  Memorandum from Cedric McCray, Interim CRA Director, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
5. Human Resources staff to develop a job description for a separate CRA art staff employee, who will work solely on CRA related arts projects and programs and who will report to the CRA Director and, that said job description be presented for approval.  Memorandum from Cedric McCray, Interim CRA Director, notifying the CRA board that he will be present to provide a verbal report on said agenda item.
6. 3Resolution of the Community Redevelopment Agency of the City of Tampa, Florida, approving an Amendment to Community Redevelopment Agency Grant Funding Agreement for construction/rehabilitation by and between said Community Redevelopment Agency (“CRA”) and Health Matters Pharmacy West, LLC (“grant recipient”); extending the conditions precedent satisfaction date until June 12, 2025 in connection with an existing grant not to exceed $350,000 from the CRA to the grant recipient as reimbursement for hard construction costs arising from the construction/rehabilitation of a health care and wellness facility including pharmacy services on property located at 5110 North 40th Street within the East Tampa community redevelopment area; authorizing execution of said amendment to Community Redevelopment Grant Funding Agreement by the Chair of the CRA and attestation by the CRA Secretary; providing an effective date
7. 3West Tampa CRA Grant Waiver Approval – 2301 North Albany Avenue Memorandum from Dee Reed, Economic Development Coordinator, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
8. 0Resolution of the Community Redevelopment Agency of the City of Tampa, Florida, approving the purchase of real property in the West Tampa Community Redevelopment Area located at 1002 North Howard Avenue, 2315 West Cypress Street, and 2331 West Cypress Street, Tampa, Florida within the West Tampa Community Redevelopment Area, for affordable housing or other community redevelopment purposes at a purchase price of $3,000,000 together with closing costs in the approximate amount of $30,000, pursuant to a contract for sale and purchase between the City of Tampa, as purchaser, and Spring Property Development LLC, a Florida Limited Liability Company, as seller; authorizing payment of the purchase price and closing costs associated with the purchase of said parcels of real property with proceeds from the West Tampa Community Redevelopment Area Trust Fund; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brenda Thrower, CRA Development Manager, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.