1.  Presentation of Commendation to Ron Rotella, who had been a development official for six Tampa mayors between 1965 to 1983 before Mayor Greco hired him to be his development coordinator in 1995. He also served as the executive director to the Westshore Alliance for many years.
2.  Presentation of Commendation to Captain Kurt Rojka, Tampa Police Department, on his retirement.
3.  Purchasing Department be invited to join City Council to celebrate “Purchasing Month” and to highlight their incredible work.
4.  Resolution Approving an Interlocal Agreement Between City Of Tampa, Florida and The School Board of Hillsborough County, Florida to Establish The Tampa Fire Rescue Partnership Academy for the Provision of Fire Training Educational Services at no cost to the City; Authorizing The Execution Thereof By The Mayor of the City Of Tampa; providing an effective Date.
5.  Resolution approving a purchase under the Florida Sheriffs Association Contract No. FSA24-VEL32.0: Pursuit, Administrative, & Other Vehicles of twenty-two (22) F-150 Police Responder Vehicles from Duval Ford, LLC in the amount of $50,079 each for a cumulative total of $1,101,738 for use by the Tampa Police Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
6.  Resolution approving the acceptance of Amendment # 01 to the subgrant agreement in an amount up to $290,000 from the State of Florida Department of Transportation (FDOT), Highway Traffic Safety funds, for the Tampa Police Department Tampa Safe Travels 2025; authorizing execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
7.  Resolution approving additional expenditures within an existing award between the City of Tampa and Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. for the furnishing of Fire Rescue Bunker Gear in the estimated amount of $261,120.49 for a cumulative total expenditure of $2,555,360.15 for use by the Tampa Fire Rescue Department; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Chief Barbara Tripp, Tampa Fire Rescue, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
8.  Resolution approving a purchase under the Florida Sheriffs Association Contract No. FSA24-VEL32.0: Pursuit, Administrative, & Other Vehicles of seven (7) Ford Police Interceptor Vehicles from Duval Ford, LLC in the amount of $47,805 each for a cumulative total of $334,635 for use by the Tampa Police Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
9.  Resolution authorizing a Mutual Aid Agreement and a Memorandum of Understanding between the Tampa Police Department (TPD) and local participating law enforcement agencies, providing for voluntary cooperation and operational assistance among said agencies in the operation of the Tampa Bay Multi-Agency Gang Task Force (MAGTF); authorizing execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
10.  Resolution approving a Member Agreement for City of Tampa Police Assistant Chief Ruth Cate to participate on the Advisory Council of Panasonic Connect of North America (Panasonic); authorizing execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
11.  Resolution approving a purchase under Sourcewell Contract No. RFP 081523 Of SICO VMP Stage System Equipment from SICO America, Inc. in the estimated amount of $144,370 for use by the Tampa Convention Center; approving a participating addendum Agreement with SICO America, Inc.; authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
12.  Resolution authorizing the First Amendment to the Pollution Recovery Fund Agreement #23-04 between the City of Tampa and the Environmental Protection Commission of Hillsborough County for the Invasive Species Removal along the Hillsborough River Project; providing an effective date.
13.  Resolution of the City of Tampa, Florida accepting a donation from the National Collegiate Athletic Association a non-profit association in an amount valued at One Hundred and Three Thousand dollars ($103,000) for equipment restoring and beautifying the Riverfront Recreation Center located at 1301 N Blvd, Tampa, Florida in the Décor of the 2025 Women’s Final Four Basketball Tournament; authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to execute the acceptance of said donation; providing an effective date.
14.  Resolution approving the Shared Use Path Maintenance Memorandum of Agreement between the City of Tampa and Florida Department of Transportation for the maintenance of the Shared Use Path on areas of the Howard Frankland Bridge within the jurisdiction of the City of Tampa, authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
15.  Resolution approving Standard Grant Agreement no. CZ620 between the City of Tampa and the Florida Department of Environmental Protection; authorizing execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
16.  Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for mowing and/or removing offensive accumulations from certain real properties in the city after failure of the interested parties to mow and/or remove the offensive accumulations from the following properties: (1) 2207 E 23rd Ave, (2) 6905 S Sparkman St, (3) 6907 S Sparkman St, (4) 6909 S Sparkman St, (5) 2917 E Emma St, (6) 2010 Thrace St, (7) 2012 E Thrace St, and (8) 3506 N 9th St;; authorizing a certified copy of this resolution and exhibit to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a lien; providing an effective date.
17.  Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for mowing and/or removing offensive accumulations from certain real properties in the city after failure of the interested parties to mow and/or remove the offensive accumulations from the following properties: (1) 4502 S Shamrock Rd, (2) 8113 N Alaska St, (3) 3007 Thelma St, (4) 211 W Emily St, (5) 8219 N 9th St, and (6) 1514 E Juneau St; authorizing a certified copy of this resolution and exhibit to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a lien; providing an effective date.
18.  Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for mowing and/or removing offensive accumulations from certain real properties in the city after failure of the interested parties to mow and/or remove the offensive accumulations from the following properties: (1) 2111 E 93rd Ave, (2) 1904 E Annona Ave, (3) 2730 W Main St, (4) 302 N Oregon Ave, (5) 3004 N 20th St, and (6) 918 E Osborne Ave; authorizing a certified copy of this resolution and exhibit to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a lien; providing an effective date.
19.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $40,000 for use by the Neighborhood & Community Affairs Department within the General Fund for the purchase of audio & video equipment for a conference room at the City Center at Hanna Avenue; providing an effective date.
20.  CH 28 Special Event Permit: Taste at the Straz- Tyler St.( Tyler St. at Cass and Tyler St. at Maclnnes)-March 29, 2025
21.  CH 28 Special Event Permit: NCAA Women's Final Four-Party in the Plaza- Water Street from Morgan St. to Channelside Dr.- April 3-7, 2025
22.  CH 28 Special Event Permit: Summer Vibes Car Show- 7th Ave, between 15th and 21st Sts.- April 13, 2025
23.  CH 28 Special Event Permit: Taste of Water Street- Water Street between Cumberland Ave & Channelside Dr. - April 16, 2025
24.  CH 28 Special Event Permit: TPD Memorial Ceremony- Madison St. & Franklin St.- May 1, 2025
25.  CH 28 Special Event Permit: TFR Cinco de Dodgeball- Zack St. between Pierce St. & Jefferson St.- May 10, 2025
26.  Resolution approving a purchase under the Florida Sheriffs Association Contract No. FSA24-VEL32.0: Pursuit, Administrative, and Other Vehicles of seven (7) Ford 350 Utility Body (Day/Night) Trucks from Bozard Ford Co. in the amount of $856,470.79 for use by the Water Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
27.  Resolution approving Work Order 102, under Contract 22-D-12020, in the amount of $174,075 to Aecom Technical Services, Inc. for professional services in connection with the Water Main Improvement Project along Florida Avenue from Palm Avenue to MLK Boulevard; authorizing issuance of said work order by the Contract Administration Department; providing an effective date.
28.  Resolution approving an Amendment to the Agreement for Design-Build Initial Services between the City of Tampa and Phinazee Construction & Consulting Services, Inc. regarding Contract 22-C-00035-ISA01 Rey Park Improvements Design-Build in the amount of $178,490; authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa execute said Amendment on behalf of the City of Tampa; providing for funding thereof; providing an effective date.
29.  Resolution approving a purchase under the Florida Sheriffs Association Contract No. FSA24-VEL32.0: Pursuit, Administrative, & Other Vehicles of five (5) Nissan Frontier Pickup Trucks from Terry Taylor’s Deland Nissan, Inc. in the amount of $41,483 each for a cumulative total of $207,415 for use by the Water Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
30.  Resolution approving a purchase under the Florida Sheriffs Association Contract No. FSA23-VEH21.1: Heavy Trucks and Buses of three (3) Battle Motors Let2 Chassis with New Way Sidewinder Sideloaders from Container Systems & Equipment Co., Inc. in the amount of $1,305,708 for use by the Department of Solid Waste & Environmental Program Management; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
31.  Resolution approving a purchase under the Florida Sheriffs Association Contract No. FSA23-VEH21.1: Heavy Trucks and Buses of one (1) Battle Motors LNT Chassis with Loadmaster 13 Yard Rear Loader Body Vehicle from Container Systems & Equipment Co., Inc. in the amount of $319,086 for use by the Department of Solid Waste & Environmental Program Management; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
32.  Resolution approving the bid of Polydyne Inc. for the purchase of Dry Organic Polymer in the estimated amount of $450,000 over a 24-month term for use by the Water Department/Production Division; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
33.  Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and SAT Industrial Supplies & Solutions LLC, with a 3.0% Manufacturer’s Price Increase, for the furnishing of Double Check Detector Assemblies (Sheltered Market Solicitation) in the estimated amount of $284,193 for use by the Water Department; providing an effective date.
34.  Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and Consolidated Pipe & Supply Company, Inc., without a price escalation, for the purchase of Large Diameter Ductile Iron Restraint Devices and Kits in the estimated amount of $415,018 for use by the Water Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
35.  Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and Ferguson US Holdings, Inc., with a 2.4% Consumer Price Index (CPI) Price Increase , for the purchase of Large Diameter Ductile Iron Valves in the estimated amount of $1,802,504 for use by the Water Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
36.  Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and SAT Industrial Supplies & Solutions LLC with a 4.75% Manufacturer's Price Increase, for the purchase of Large Diameter Ductile Iron Compact Mechanical Joint Fittings (Bends, Plugs, Caps, Reducers) (Sheltered Market Solicitation) in the estimated amount of $517,846 for use by the Water Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
37.  Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and SAT Industrial Supplies & Solutions LLC, with a 2.4% Consumer Price Index (CPI) Price Increase , for the purchase of Large Diameter Ductile Iron Pipe (Sheltered Market Solicitation) in the estimated amount of $538,596 for use by the Water Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
38.  Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and SAT Industrial Supplies & Solutions LLC with a 4.75% Manufacturer's Price Increase, for the purchase of Large Diameter Ductile Iron Fittings (Tees & Sleeves) (Sheltered Market Solicitation) in the estimated amount of $526,481 for use by the Water Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
39.  Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and Vigiron, LLC, without a price escalation, for the provision of Ferric Humate Residual Material Removal Services Maintenance (Bid Discount) in the estimated amount of $1,100,000 for use by the Water Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
40.  Resolution approving the renewal of an Award between the City of Tampa and Bound Tree Medical, LLC, with a 2.7% Consumer Price Index (CPI) Price Escalation, for the Furnishing Of Medical And First Aid Supplies in the estimated amount of $581,717.28 for use by the Tampa Fire Rescue Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
41.  Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and Carbon Activated Corporation, without a price escalation, for the furnishing of Granular Activated Carbon (GAC) and Sand Filter Media in the estimated amount of $1,000,000 for use by the Water Department; providing an effective date.
42.  Resolution approving the bid of Colonial Chemical Company for the furnishing of WTE Urea (Bid Discount) in the estimated amount of $354,660 over a three-year term for use by the Department of Solid Waste and Environmental Program Management; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
43.  Resolution approving Beck Electric Actuators and Hardware Agreement between the City of Tampa and Harold Beck & Sons, Inc. for the standardization purchase of Beck Electric Actuators and Hardware from Harold Beck & Sons, Inc., in the estimated amount of $150,000 for use by the Wastewater Department; authorizing the Mayor to execute said agreement; providing an effective date.
44.  Resolution approving D7LLC60HPE2 Centrifuge Service and Maintenance Agreement between the City of Tampa and Andritz Separation Inc. for the standardization purchase of D7LLC60HPE2 Centrifuge Replacement Parts and Service in the estimated amount of $396,155.73, over a 36-month term, for use by the Wastewater Department; authorizing the Mayor to execute said agreement; providing an effective date.
45.  Resolution approving an additional payment of TWO HUNDRED TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND SIX HUNDRED SEVENTY-THREE DOLLARS ($225,673.43) to the Florida Department of Transportation for the project Identified as financial project identification number 436489-1-56-01 for removal of pipe and adjustments to water valve box covers and water meter boxes and approving a three party escrow agreement between: the City of Tampa, the Florida Department of Transportation, and the Florida Department of Financial Services Division of Treasury; authorizing payment of TWO HUNDRED TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND SIX HUNDRED SEVENTY-THREE DOLLARS ($225,673.43) to the Florida Department of Transportation; authorizing execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
46.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of an Agreement between the City of Tampa and Westshore Apartments Venture, LLC, for the transfer of ownership of water facilities to the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
47.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of an Indemnity, Hold Harmless Agreement and Bill of Sale between City of Tampa and Noho Flats Phase 2 LLC, for the conveyance of water facilities located in the general vicinity of 505 North Rome Avenue, Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
48.  Resolution of the City Of Tampa, Florida, approving a Piggyback Agreement for Audio Visual Equipment and Services between the City of Tampa and AVI-SPL LLC for Audio Visual Goods and Services for the Maintenance Facility Conference and Training Rooms in the estimated amount of $253,349.57 for use by the Technology and Innovation Department; authorizing the Mayor to execute said agreement; providing an effective date.
49.  Resolution of the City of Tampa, Florida, approving an Umbrella Agreement for Government Banking Services between the City of Tampa and Bank of America, N.A. for the purchase of General Banking Services in the estimated amount of $200,000 for use by the Revenue and Finance Department; authorizing the Mayor to execute said umbrella agreement; providing an effective date nunc pro tunc to November 16, 2024.
50.  Resolution of the City Council of the City of Tampa, Florida, approving a Mobile Term Verizon Subscribers Agreement with Verizon Wireless for customer opt in for Verizon Subscribers; authorizing execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
51.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $5,000 within the General Fund to provide for a contribution to Elevate Tampa Bay within the Social Action and Arts Funding (SAAF); providing an effective date.
52.  Resolution approving a Sixth Amendment to an Emergency solutions Grant Agreement Between the City of Tampa and the Salvation Army, providing for an extension of time, and making available an additional amount not to exceed $1,000,000 in Non-Grant Housing Program Funds, for a total amount of $3,839,536.62, for the provision of services in support of homeless persons and families during the 2025 Fiscal Year; Authorizing Execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; Providing for an effective date.
53.  Resolution approving an agreement among the City of Tampa, Florida, as Grantee of Foreign-Trade Zone No. 79, and its subzones; Foreign-Trade Zone 79 Board Inc., as manager of Foreign-Trade Zone 79, and its subzones; and Gourmet Foods International Lakeland, Inc.; Authorizing execution thereof by the Mayor and attestation by the Clerk of the City of Tampa, Florida; Providing an effective date. Memorandum from Javier Marin, Economic Opportunity Director, transmitting additionally information for said agenda item.
54.  Resolution authorizing an assistance amendment to the Grant Agreement 02D19022 between the City of Tampa and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency for the Gulf of Mexico Program; providing an effective date.
55.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $2,000,000 within the Downtown Core and Non Core Community Redevelopment Agency (CRA) Funds and the Non-Ad Valorem Note Fund for the Series 2021 Note debt service; providing an effective date.
56.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $700,000 within the Channel District, Downtown, Ybor I and Ybor II Community Redevelopment Area (CRA) Funds; providing an effective date.
57.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 58) Resolution approving an agreement among the City of Tampa, Florida, as grantee of Foreign-Trade Zone No. 79, and its subzones; Foreign-Trade Zone 79 Board, Inc., as manager of Foreign-Trade Zone 79, and its subzones; and TH Logistics, LLC; Authorizing execution thereof by the Mayor and attestation by the Clerk of the City of Tampa, Florida; Providing an effective date. Memorandum from Javier Marin, Economic Opportunity Director, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
58.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 57) Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $10,000 within the General Fund for the Development and Economic Opportunity Department activities; providing an effective date.
59.  Resolution of The City of Tampa, Florida approving the 2025-2027 Local Housing Assistance Plan as required by the State Housing Initiatives Partnership Program Act, Subsections 420.907-420.9079, Florida Statutes; and Rule Chapter 67-37, Florida Administrative Code; approving the Execution by the Mayor and Attestation by the City Clerk of any necessary documents and certifications needed by the State; Authorizing the Submission of the Local Housing Assistance Plan for review and approval by the Florida Housing Finance Corporation; and Providing an Effective Date.
60.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Partial Release of Platted Easements renouncing, discontinuing and abandoning any interest in and to a portion of those utility easements reserved by the plat of Culbreath Isles Unit No. 2 that encumber the real property located at 4936 Saint Croix Drive in Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
61.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Release of Easement renouncing, discontinuing and abandoning any and all interest in and to a that drainage easement conveyed to the City of Tampa which encumbers the real property located at 6303 Bayshore Boulevard in Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
62.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Partial Release of Reserved Easement renouncing, discontinuing and abandoning any interest in and to a portion of those drainage and utility easements reserved by Vacating Ordinance No. 88-46 that encumber the real property located at 2301 S. Occident Street in Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
63.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Partial Release of Platted Easements renouncing, discontinuing and abandoning any interest in and to a portion of those easements reserved by the plat of Bar-Mar Shores Revised that encumber the real property located at 4814 W. Euclid Avenue in Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
64.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Partial Release of Platted Easements renouncing, discontinuing and abandoning any interest in and to a portion of those easements reserved by the plat of Ballast Point Heights that encumber the real property located at 2815 W. Pearl Avenue in Tampa, Florida that are identified below; providing an effective date.
65.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Partial Release of Platted Easements renouncing, discontinuing and abandoning any interest in and to a portion of the sanitary easements dedicated by the Re-Plat of Drew Park that encumber the real property located at 4624 N. Grady Avenue in Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
66.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Release of Easement renouncing, discontinuing and abandoning any and all interest in and to that water easement conveyed to the City of Tampa which encumbers the real property located at 110 S. Nebraska Avenue in Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
67.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Release of Reserved Easement renouncing, discontinuing and abandoning any interest in and to those easements reserved by Vacating Ordinance No. 94-130 that encumber the real property located at 2500 W. Azeele Street in Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
68.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $56,500 within the General Fund for a Temporary Agency Contract Position for the Development and Economic Opportunity Department; providing an effective date.
69.  Resolution approving a First Amendment to a State Housing Initiatives Partnership Agreement between the City of Tampa and Metropolitan Charities, Inc., Making available an additional amount of $500,000.00 in State Housing Initiatives Partnership Funds, for a total not to exceed $800,000.00 over a Three-year term; for the provision of services in support of persons and families experiencing homelessness or at risk of homelessness; authorizing execution by the Mayor and Attestation by the City Clerk; providing for an effective date.
70.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Release of Easements, renouncing, discontinuing and abandoning any interest in and to the platted and deeded utility easements encumbering the real property located at 2630 S. Dundee Street in Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
71.  Resolution approving the renewal of the Agreement between the City Of Tampa and Macro Companies, Inc. for the provision of an Emergency Fuel Plan for use by the Logistics and Asset Management Department/Fleet Maintenance Division; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
72.  Resolution approving a Standardization Equipment Lease Purchase Agreement between the City Of Tampa and Leasing 2, Inc. for the lease purchase of three Vactor 2100i Truck Mounted Single Engine Combination Vacuum Sewer Cleaners in the estimated amount of $1,981,465.32 for use by the Mobility Department; approving a notice and acknowledgment of assignment of payments under said equipment lease purchase agreement by Leasing 2, Inc. to Santander Leasing, LLC or its assignee; approving an escrow agreement between the City Of Tampa, Leasing 2, Inc. and Old National Wealth Management under said equipment lease purchase agreement; and approving a Vactor Vacuum Truck Turnkey Maintenance Services Agreement between the City Of Tampa and Environmental Products Group, Inc. in the estimated amount of $121,500 in the total estimated amount of $2,102,965.32; and approving a Repurchase Agreement Between The City of Tampa and Environmental Products Group, Inc. for the repurchase of the three Vactor 2100i Truck Mounted Single Engine Combination Vacuum Sewer Cleaners at a repurchase price of $318,000 per cleaner for a total of $954,000; authorizing the Mayor to execute said agreements and notice; providing an effective date.
73.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $297,550 within the University North District Transportation Impact Fee Fund for use by the Commerce Palms Dr and Compton Dr New Signal project; providing an effective date.
74.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $500,000 for use by the Mobility Department within the Utilities Services Tax Fund and the Stormwater Service Assessment Fund for ditch maintenance; providing an effective date.
75. **File No. SU1-25-13-C** Petition for Review filed by Brittany Osburn/Silver Tuna LLC, applicant/owner, requesting a review hearing regarding a decision of the Zoning Administrator/Historic Preservation Manager, SU1-25-0000013, pertaining to the property located at 2219 East Columbus Drive. (Review hearing to be scheduled on June 5, 2025 at 1:30 p.m.)
76.  Petition for Review filed by John Siroky, applicant/owner, requesting a review hearing regarding a decision of the Architectural Review Commission, ARC-25-0000055, pertaining to the property located at 909 S. Rome Avenue. (Review hearing to be scheduled on June 5, 2025 at 1:30 p.m.)
77.  Resolution setting public hearings on May 1, 2025 at 10:30 a.m. or soon thereafter, and May 15, 2025 at 10:30 a.m., or soon thereafter, in City Council Chambers, 315 E. Kennedy Blvd., 3rd Floor, Tampa, FL 33602, relating to the Development Agreement for 35th Street Multi-Family Project between the City of Tampa and Uptown Ybor, LLC, relating to the property located at 2305 N. 35th Street, Tampa, Florida and generally bounded by N. 34th Street to the west, Interstate-4 to the north, N. 36th Street to the east and E. 12th Avenue to the south; Providing for two notices of intent to consider said agreement; Providing for an effective date.
78.  (UNAN) An ordinance designating a portion of Tampa as a “event zone” in order to regulate activities from April 2, 2025, through April 7, 2025, in preparation for hosting the 2025 NCAA Women’s Final Four; designating geographic boundaries, dates and times for the event zone; regulating and prohibiting temporary outdoor activities, tents, signage, and commercial promotion in the right-of-way; providing for inspections and permits; providing for first amendment zones; providing for penalties; providing for definitions; providing for severability; repealing conflicts; and providing an effective date.
79.  CH 15 (UNAN; Viera absent at vote) An ordinance of the City of Tampa, Florida, relating to Chapter 15 (Parking), Article II, regulations, permits, penalties; amending section 15-104 “Residential Parking Permit Only Area”; providing for repeal of all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith; providing for severability; providing an effective date.
80. **File No. REZ-24-45** (Hurtak & Clendenin no) An ordinance rezoning property in the general vicinity of 3807 and 3811 West Swann Avenue, in the city of Tampa, Florida, and more particularly described in Section 1, from Zoning District Classification(s) PD (Planned Development) to PD (Planned Development, Residential, Single-Family, attached); providing an effective date.
81. **File No. REZ-24-70** (UNAN; Viera absent at vote) An ordinance rezoning property in the general vicinity of 3602 West Azeele Street, in the city of Tampa, Florida, and more particularly described in Section 1, from Zoning District Classification(s) PD (Planned Development) to PD (Planned Development, Business Professional and Medical Office); providing an effective date.
82. **File No. REZ-24-101** (UNAN; Viera absent at vote) An ordinance rezoning property in the general vicinity of 8813 Brooks street, 8901 North 13th Street and 8814 North 14th Street, in the city of Tampa, Florida, and more particularly described in Section 1, from Zoning District Classification(s) IG (Industrial General) and RS-50 (Residential, Single-Family) to IG (Industrial General); providing an effective date.
83. **File No. REZ-24-102** (UNAN; Viera absent at vote) An ordinance rezoning property in the general vicinity of 3604 Temple Street, in the city of Tampa, Florida, and more particularly described in Section 1, from Zoning District Classification(s) RM-16 (Residential, Multi-Family) to RM-18 (Residential, Multi-Family); providing an effective date.
84. **File No. REZ-24-104** (Carlson no) An ordinance rezoning property in the general vicinity of 402 South Oregon Avenue, in the city of Tampa, Florida, and more particularly described in Section 1, from Zoning District Classification(s) RM-12 (Residential, Multi-Family) to PD (Planned Development, Residential, Single-Family, detached); providing an effective date.
85. **File No. REZ-24-108** (UNAN) An ordinance rezoning property in the general vicinity of 2902 Melburne Boulevard, in the city of Tampa, Florida, and more particularly described in Section 1, from Zoning District Classification(s) RM-16 (Residential, Multi-Family) and CI (Commercial Intensive) to CG (Commercial General); providing an effective date.
86. **File No. REZ-24-110** (UNAN) An ordinance rezoning property in the general vicinity of 622 and 642 West Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard and 3912, 3915 and 3917 North Boulevard, in the city of Tampa, Florida, and more particularly described in Section 1, from Zoning District Classification(s) PD (Planned Development) to CG (Commercial General) and RS-50 (Residential, Single-Family); providing an effective date.
87. **File No. REZ-25-19** (UNAN) An ordinance rezoning property in the general vicinity of 3502 North Lincoln Avenue, in the city of Tampa, Florida, and more particularly described in Section 1, from Zoning District Classification(s) RS-50 (Residential, Single-Family) to PD (Planned Development, Residential, Single-Family, detached); providing an effective date.
88. **File No. VAC-25-01** Public hearing on application by Hubert Ave Investments LLC requesting to vacate West Chelsea St lying North of W Alva St, South of W Cayuga St, East of N Manhattan Ave, and West of N Hubert Ave. An ordinance of the City of Tampa, Florida, vacating, closing, discontinuing and abandoning a portion of W. Chelsea Street right-of-way located North of Alva Street, South of Cayuga Street, East of Manhattan Avenue, and West of Hubert Avenue, within the re-plat of Drew Park in the City of Tampa, Hillsborough County, Florida, as more fully described in section 2 hereof, subject to certain covenants, conditions and restrictions as more particularly set forth herein; providing for enforcement and penalties for violations; providing for definitions, interpretations and repealing conflicts; providing for severability; providing an effective date.
89. **File No. VRB-24-66-C** Review hearing on petition for review filed by Thomas Hanks, owner, requesting a review hearing regarding a decision of the Variance Review Board, VRB-24-66, pertaining to the property located at 8406 N Edison Avenue.
90. **File No. SU1-24-98-C** (Will not be heard; Mis-noticed) Review Hearing on petition for review filed by Peter Trela, aggrieved person, requesting a review hearing regarding a decision of the Zoning Administrator/Historic Preservation Manager, SU1-24-0000098, pertaining to the property located at 4465 W. Gandy Blvd.  Email from Peter Trela, aggrieved person, requesting that said review hearing be rescheduled for May 15, 2025
91.  CH 15 An Ordinance of the City of Tampa, Florida, deleting, in its entirety, the City of Tampa Code of Ordinances, Chapter 15, Parking; adopting a revised Chapter 15, Parking; providing for severability; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Vik Bhide, Director of Mobility Department, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
92. Administration Update
93.  (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.) Resolution approving a Community Benefits Agreement by, between, and among The City of Tampa, Tampa Bay Performing Arts Center, Inc. (d/b/a as The "Straz Performing Arts Center"), and Tampa Bay Performing Arts Center Foundation, Inc. ("Foundation"), that establishes the minimum community benefits required in connection with a $25,000,000 grant from The City of Tampa Community Redevelopment Agency to The Straz Performing Arts Center and Foundation for the construction of alterations and additions to the existing Performing Arts Center; Providing for certain required community benefits in connection with said grant and project, including community benefits affecting the design, construction, and Equal Business Opportunity obligations for women/minority and small local business enterprises, together with community benefits requiring future events, education and outreach at or by The Center for Veterans, Children, and Community Partners; Requiring the identification of an area at The Straz Performing Arts Center to honor Governor Bob Martinez; Authorizing execution of said Community Benefits Agreement by the Mayor; Providing an effective date. Memorandum from Javier Marin, Economic Opportunity Director, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
94.  (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.) Resolution of the City of Tampa, Florida, approving the third amendment to agreement for Odor and Corrosion Control Services between the City of Tampa and Evoqua Water Technologies LLC, without a price escalation, for the provision of Odor and Corrosion Control Services in the estimated amount of $8,125,000 for use by the Wastewater Department; authorizing the Mayor to execute said third amendment to agreement for Odor and Corrosion Control Services; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brad L. Baird, P.E., Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
95.  (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.) Resolution approving an award between the City of Tampa and Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. for the purchase of Bunker Gear in the estimated amount of $7,358,407.76 over a thirty-six month term for use by the Tampa Fire Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Chief Barbara Trip, Tampa Fire Rescue, transmitting additional information on said agenda item.
96.  Staff to present monthly reports, quarterly in-person, otherwise written reports on an update on the status of Station 24 to include reports from Fire Chief Barbara Tripp, Director of Contract Administration Richard Mutterback, and the Project Manager. In addition, this would include updates on the date for a groundbreaking. (Motion to reschedule from October 3, 2024 to said date initiated by Viera-Miranda on August 19, 2024)(Motion requesting an update initiated by Viera-Hurtak on September 5, 2024)(Amended motion initiated by Viera-Miranda on December 19, 2024) (Next monthly written report to be scheduled for April 17, 2025)
97.  Administration to appear and discuss the renaming the New Tampa All Abilities Playground after the late Harrison Boonstoppel.  Email from Phyllis Ho-Zuhars, Senior Executive Aide of Chief of Staff, transmitting a PowerPoint presentation for said agenda item.
98.  Staff to provide an update on a federal grant that is coming to Hillsborough County and potentially part of it to the City of Tampa.
99.  City Staff to create a resolution to adjust the sidewalk in lieu fee to reflect the actual cost of building sidewalks. (Motion to reschedule initiated by Hurtak-Clendenin on August 8, 2024)(Motion to reschedule initiated by Hurtak-Miranda on December 19, 2024) Memorandum from Brandon Campbell, Transportation Services Director/Mobility Department, transmitting a draft resolution for said agenda item.
100.  Legal Department to appear and discuss the possibility of creating an ordinance that would prohibit the commercial usage of seawalls or docks in residential areas, except in locations specifically designated for commercial use; further, any possible ordinance would also regulate the type of usage, hours of operation, sound requirements, and any need for a permit.  Memorandum from Ron Wigginton, Assistant City Attorney, notifying City Council that staff will be providing an in-person report on said agenda item.
101.  Discussion of City Council decorum and efficiency.
102.  CH 11 & 18 Tampa Police Department and Tampa Fire Rescue to present an annual report on the Public Safety Master Plan. (Motion to reschedule from March 28, 2024 to April 18, 2024 initiated by Viera-Clendenin on February 22 , 2024)(Motion to reschedule from April 18, 2024 to May 16, 2024 initiated by Viera- Clendenin on April 11, 2024)(Next annual report tentatively scheduled for March 26, 2026) Memorandum from Chief Lee Bercaw, Tampa Police; and Chief Barbara Tripp, Tampa Fire Rescue, requesting that said agenda item be continued to a date in line with the FY25 mid-year report.
103.  CH 21 Administration to provide an in-person quarterly report providing an update on the Stormwater Project/Program - (Motion for in-person report initiated by Hurtak-Carlson on February 6, 2025) - (Next quarterly written report to be provided on August 28, 2025) Memorandum from Jean W. Duncan, P.E., Administrator of Infrastructure and Mobility, requesting that said agenda item be continued to May 22, 2025.
104.  Mobility Department to provide a monthly in-person report on detailing personnel, third party maintenance contracts, and equipment paid for by the Stormwater Service Assessment; further, a corresponding written report should be made available to Council during the verbal update and uploaded to OnBase or the City’s website after the staff report is completed. (Amended to reschedule from March 6, 2025 motion initiated by Hurtak-Miranda on February 13, 2025) Memorandum from Jean W. Duncan, P.E., Administrator of Infrastructure and Mobility, requesting that said agenda item be continued to May 22, 2025.  Memorandum from Councilmember Hurtak, requesting that said agenda item be continued to April 3, 2025.
105.  Staff to provide a written report with the number of current leases the city has for land and/or buildings, and for each: the monthly cost, length of the lease and the use of the leased building or land. (Motion to reschedule from January 23, 2025 to March 27, 2025 initiated by Hurtak-Miranda on January 9, 2025) Memorandum from Michelle Van Loan, Real Estate Director, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
106.  Staff to provide a written report on the possibility of purchasing the property at 1350 Howard Avenue, Tampa, FL 33606 for the purpose of turning into a small park.  Memorandum from Tony Mulkey, Director of Tampa Parks & Recreation, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.

REZ-24-0000045:1, REZ-24-0000070:2, REZ-24-0000101:3, REZ-24-0000102:4, REZ-24-0000104:5, REZ-24-0000108:6, REZ-24-0000110:7, REZ-25-0000019:8, VAC-25-0000001:9