1. Current West Tampa Chair, Joseph Robinson, to appear and provide a verbal report outlining activities and/or concerns of said CAC. -
2. CRA Director's Monthly Report Memorandum from Cedric McCray, Interim CRA Director, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
3. Human Resources staff to develop a job description for a separate CRA art staff employee, who will work solely on CRA related arts projects and programs and who will report to the CRA Director and, that said job description be presented for approval.  Memorandum from Cedric McCray, Interim CRA Director, requesting that said agenda item be continued to December 12, 2024.
4. Downtown Partnership to appear in person and present a proposal on Revitalization of Franklin Street.  Memorandum from Courtney Orr, CRA Development Manager, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
5. CRA Staff to provide an update on the Community Redevelopment Plan for Central Park and Tampa Heights Riverfront.  Memorandum from Courtney Orr, CRA Development Manager, requesting that said agenda item be continued to January 16, 2025.
6. CRA staff to update the job descriptions for the Community Development Coordinator and Digital Media Support Coordinator positions and that it be brought back for discussion.  Memorandum from Cedric McCray, Interim CRA Director, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
7. East Tampa Community Redevelopment Area CAC Appointments Memorandum from Cedric McCray, Interim CRA Director, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
8.  Ybor City Community Redevelopment Area CAC Appointments Memorandum from Brenda Thrower, CRA Development Manager, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
9. West Tampa CAC Appointment for Jeanette LaRussa Fenton Memorandum from Brenda Thrower, CRA Development Manager, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
10. West Tampa CRA Grant Waiver Approval – 2001 North Howard Avenue  Memorandum from Dee Reed, Economic Development Coordinator, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
11. East Tampa Grant Waiver Approval - 1029 E. Hillsborough Ave (Solita's House)  Memorandum from Dee Reed, Economic Development Coordinator, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
12. Central Park Program Change - Budget Reallocation Request Memorandum from Courtney Orr, CRA Development Manager, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
13. Channel District Program Change - Budget Reallocation Request Memorandum from Courtney Orr, CRA Development Manager, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
14. Resolution of the Community Redevelopment Agency of the City of Tampa, Florida, approving the purchase of real property in the East Tampa Community Redevelopment Area located at 4703 N. 19th Street, Tampa, Florida, for community redevelopment purposes at a purchase price of $235,000 together with closing costs in the approximate amount of $15,000, pursuant to a contract for sale and purchase between the City of Tampa as purchaser, and Good Life Properties, LLC as seller; authorizing payment of the purchase price and closing costs associated with the purchase of said parcel of real property with proceeds from the East Tampa Affordable Housing Initiative's Land Assemblage Fund; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Cedric McCray, East Tampa Urban Development Manager, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
15. Resolution of the Community Redevelopment Agency of the City of Tampa, Florida, approving a Third amendment to the Straz Performing Arts Center Funding and Construction Agreement by, between and among the Tampa Bay Performing Arts Center, Inc., Tampa Bay Performing Arts Center Foundation, Inc., and the Community Redevelopment Agency of the City of Tampa, Florida, providing a $25,000,000.00 grant for renovations of and improvements to the Straz Performing Arts Center located at 1010 North Macinnes Place, Tampa, Florida; confirming the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent in said agreement and extending the conditions precedent satisfaction date for certain other conditions precedent; authorizing execution thereof by the Chair of said Community Redevelopment Agency; providing an effective date.
16. Resolution of the Community Redevelopment Agency of the City of Tampa, Florida, approving the “Tampa Community Redevelopment Agency (CRA) Goals, Policies and Performance Standards Report” as required by Florida Law; providing an effective date as of October 1, 2024, nunc pro tunc.
17. Resolution of the Community Redevelopment Agency of the City of Tampa, Florida, approving an agreement for the provision of legal services by and between the Community Redevelopment Agency of the City of Tampa, Florida, and the law firm of Shepard, Smith, Hand & Brackins, P.A., for the 2025 fiscal year and for an amount not to exceed $200,000.00; authorizing the Chair of the Community Redevelopment Agency to execute said agreement; providing an effective date.
18. Resolution of the Community Redevelopment Agency of the City of Tampa, Florida (“CRA”) approving a Tampa Museum of Art Funding and Construction Agreement between the CRA, Tampa Museum of Art, Inc., and Tampa Museum of Art Foundation, Inc., granting an amount up to $24,750,000.00 in CRA funds for improvements and alterations to be made to the Tampa Museum of Art building located at 120 W. Gasparilla Plaza, Tampa, FL; providing an effective date.