1.  Presentation of Commendation to the Police Officer of the Month.
2.  Presentation of Commendation to the ATU Local 1464 Employee of the Month.
3.  Presentation of Commendation to the Tampa Water Department, as it joins other utilities and the Florida Section of the American Water Works Association in proclaiming April as Water Conservation month.
4.  (3-minute per applicant presentation) Presentation of applicants expressing an interest in being appointed to positions on the Variance Review Board. Shirley Fox-Knowles, City Clerk, transmitting applications from Aaron Murphy and Megan Cochran expressing an interest in being considered for appointment for the Neighborhood Civic Representative member and Alternate member positions on the Variance Review Board.
5.  Resolution approving, consenting to, and confirming the appointment by the Mayor of Timothy Jones (Building Contractor), as a member of the Architectural Review Commission, for a three (3) year term commencing on January 14, 2024, and ending on January 13, 2027; providing an effective date.
6.  Resolution approving a purchase under the Florida Sheriffs Association Contract No. FSA24-VEL32.0: Pursuit, Administrative, & Other Vehicles of six (6) Ford Police Responders-Supervisor Vehicles from Duval Ford, LLC in the amount of $51,920 each for a cumulative total of $311,520 for use by the Tampa Police Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
7.  Resolution approving the Terms and Conditions for Quotes Q-667256-45709.925AR and Q668931-45709.923AR between the City of Tampa and Axon Enterprises, Inc., for the Purchase of 2 Virtual Reality Training Pods to include Pod set up and training; authorizing the execution thereof by the mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; authorizing the Execution thereof by the mayor of the City of Tampa and Attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
8.  Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and Nelson’s Tree Farm and Nursery, Inc., with a 2.7% Consumer Price Index (CPI) price increase for the furnishing of Special Events Parks, and Other City Owned Properties Grounds Maintenance (Sheltered Market Solicitation) in the estimated amount of $287,323.70 for use by the Parks and Recreation Department; providing an effective date.
9.  Resolution approving the renewal of awards between the City of Tampa and Swartz Associates, Inc., Most Dependable Fountains, Inc., Miller Recreation Equipment and Design, Inc. and Apollo Sunguard Systems, Inc. for Products Only, without price escalations, and Kompan, Inc., Advanced Recreational Concepts, LLC, Laub's Drainage & Flexi Pave, LLC, Bliss Products and Services, Inc., Topline Recreation Inc., Lanier Plans Inc. dba Korkat, REP Services, Inc. and Playmore West, Inc. for Products and Services, without price escalations, with the exception of Playmore West, Inc. with a Manufacturer's Price Escalation, for the furnishing of Parks Site Furnishings, Playground Equipment and Surfacing, Installation, Repairs and Replacement in the estimated amount of $1,500,000 for use by the Parks and Recreation Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
10.  CH 28 Special Event Permit: Tampa Caribbean Festival & Parade- E. Harrison St. from N. Orange Ave. to N. Nebraska Ave, Central Ave. from Cass St. to Ray Charles Blvd., N. Governor St. from Cass St. to Ray Charles Blvd. Hank Ballard St. from E. Cass St. to Ray Charles Blvd.- April 12, 2025
11.  Resolution approving a purchase under the Florida Sheriffs Association Contract No. FSA23-VEH21.1: Heavy Trucks and Buses of three (3) Battle Motors Let2 Chassis with New Way Sidewinder 20yd Side Loaders from Container Systems & Equipment Co., Inc. in the amount of $1,237,872 for use by the Department of Solid Waste & Environmental Program Management; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
12.  Resolution authorizing an Amendment to the Agreement for Design-Build Initial Services between the City of Tampa and Biltmore Construction Co., Inc. regarding Contract 24-C-00008-ISA01 HFC AWTP Administration Building HVAC Replacement Design-Build in the amount of $109,050; authorizing the Mayor to execute said Amendment on behalf of the City of Tampa; providing for funding thereof; and providing an effective date.
13.  Resolution approving the purchase under Sourcewell Contract No. 053024-Forklifts, Lift Trucks with Related Products and Services of one (1) Hyster H210XD Forklift from Hyster-Yale Materials Handling, Inc. in the estimated amount of $208,926 for use by the Department of Solid Waste and Environmental Program Management; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
14.  Resolution approving contract Change Order 1 Renewal adding $768,550 to the contract between the City of Tampa and Inliner Solutions, LLC for Contract 23-C-00009, Construction of Citywide Stormwater Gravity Rehabilitation by Cured-In-Place Pipe (C.I.P.P.); authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to execute said Change Order on behalf of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
15.  Resolution approving the Standardization purchase from SSES, Inc. dba Southern Sewer Equipment Sales of two (2) Vac-Con Combination Sewer Cleaner Trucks for a unit cost of $582,738 each for a cumulative total of $1,165,476 for use by the Wastewater Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
16.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $650,000 for the Morris Bridge VFD Pumps Replacement Project for use by Water Department within the Water Renewal and Replacement Fund; providing an effective date.
17.  Resolution approving an assignment of certain agreements between the City of Tampa and Incapsulate, LLC to Accenture LLP; authorizing the execution of the Assignment Agreement by the Mayor; providing an effective date.
18.  Resolution approving a SplashBI Customer License Addendum under an existing SplashBI License Agreement Terms and Conditions between the City of Tampa and Splash Business Intelligence, Inc. to procure eighty-three (83) additional Read Access User and Excel Connect User Licenses used primarily with the reporting tool for Oracle EBS and the SplashBI Cloud in the estimated amount of $17,500.55 for use by the Human Resources and Talent Development Department and the Technology and Innovations Department; authorizing the Mayor to execute said SplashBI Customer License Addendum; providing an effective date.
19.  Resolution approving a First Amendment to the Agreement for limited legal services between the City of Tampa and Brown Law and Consulting, PLLC, which provided for a legal advisor and project manager for the City of Tampa to facilitate compliance and reporting associated with the Consent Decree in United States of America v. City of Tampa, Case No. 8:23-cv-02934-kkn-aas; to revise the term of the Agreement to a term of two years and to increase the not-to-exceed amount to $45,000; authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
20.  Resolution approving the acceptance of a Grant of Sidewalk Easement from Paseo Colon, LLC, to the City of Tampa for the purpose of installing, constructing, maintaining, operating, repairing and/or replacing sidewalk improvements in the vicinity of 307 W. West Street, Tampa, Florida; Providing an effective date.
21.  Resolution approving the acceptance of a Grant of Sidewalk Easement from First Group, Inc., Majec Realty Holdings, LLC, and Danielson, Ltd, to the City of Tampa for the purpose of installing, constructing, maintaining, operating, repairing and/or replacing sidewalk improvements in the vicinity of 5300 West Cypress Street, Tampa, Florida; Providing an effective date.
22.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Contract for Sale and Purchase between the City of Tampa, as Purchaser, and Aroon Klunthong and Ainhay D. Vongvisai, as Sellers, for the purchase of real property in the East Tampa CRA Area located at 2209 E. Lake Avenue, Tampa, Florida, at a purchase price of $415,000 together with closing costs in the approximate amount of $10,000; for community redevelopment purposes; approving the acceptance of the proposed form Warranty Deed; providing an effective date.
23.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Contract for Sale and Purchase between the City of Tampa, as Purchaser, and Aroon Klunthong and Ainhay D. Vongvisai, as Sellers, for the purchase of real property in the East Tampa CRA Area located at 3620 N. 23rd Street, Tampa, Florida, at a purchase price of $210,000 together with closing costs in the approximate amount of $10,000; for community redevelopment purposes; approving the acceptance of the proposed form Warranty Deed; providing an effective date.
24.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of an Easement Agreement from the City of Tampa in favor of Peoples Gas System, Inc., for perpetual easements with the right of ingress and egress for the purpose of placing underground gas facilities at 1010 North Macinnes Place, Tampa, Florida; Providing an effective date.
25.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Right of Entry and Hold Harmless Agreement between City of Tampa and Trileaf Corporation, a Florida Corporation, to access City owned property at 2921 E. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Boulevard, Tampa, Florida, for the purpose of conducting an environmental assessment; providing an effective date.
26.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Fifth Amendment to License and Hold Harmless Agreement between the City of Tampa, as Licensor, and All Bay Contractors Air Conditioning & Heating, Inc., a Florida Corporation, as Licensee, allowing the use of City owned property located at 2302 W. Cherry Street, Tampa, Florida, for parking purposes; providing an effective date.
27.  Resolution approving a Community Benefits Agreement between City of Tampa, Gas Worx Community Development District, and KS Ybor Master Developer, LLC regarding property in the area generally bounded by E Scott Street to the west, Lily White Court to the north, N 15th Street to the east and Adamo/N. 12th Street to the south, commonly known as Gas Worx, in the City of Tampa, Florida; Authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; Providing an effective date. Memorandum from Javier Marin, Economic Opportunity Director, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
28.  Resolution of the City of Tampa, Florida authorizing a First Amendment to a Grant Agreement between the City of Tampa, Florida and the State of Florida, Department of State; Extending the Division of Historical Resources Special Category Grant project for 6 Months; Authorizing the Mayor to execute said Amendment; Providing an effective date.
29.  Resolution approving a purchase under the Florida Sheriffs Association Contract No. FSA23-EQU21.0: Equipment of One (1) John Deere 544P Wheel Loader from Dobbs Equipment, LLC in the amount of $264,273 for use by the Mobility Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
30. **File No. REZ-24-113** (UNAN) An ordinance rezoning property in the general vicinity of 9220, 9222 and 9224 North Hyaleah Road and Folio number 141810-0100, in the City of Tampa, Florida, and more particularly described in Section 1, from Zoning District Classification(s) RS-60 (Residential, Single-Family), RM-24 (Residential, Multi-family) and RM-35 (Residential, Multi-family) to PD (Planned Development, Residential, Single-Family, Semi-Detached and attached); providing an effective date.
31. **File No. REZ-25-09** (UNAN; Miranda abstain) An ordinance rezoning property in the general vicinity of 2520 West Beach Street, in the City of Tampa, Florida, and more particularly described in Section 1, from Zoning District Classification(s) RM-16 (Residential, Multi-Family) to RM-18 (Residential, Multi-Family); providing an effective date.
32.  An Ordinance of the City of Tampa, Florida, removing the property located at 206 West Columbus Drive, Tampa, Florida, as more particularly described in section 3 hereof, from the Tampa Heights Historic District; providing for repeal of all ordinances in conflict; providing for severability; providing an effective date.
33. Administration Update
34.  (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.) Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, approving the transfer, reallocation and/or appropriation of $5,354,695 within the Transportation Grants Capital Projects Fund and $4,700,000 within the CIT Series 2016 Bonds Capital Projects Fund for use by the UNITE: Ashley Drive project; providing an effective date.  Please see previously submitted memorandum dated February 12, 2025.
35.  (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.) Resolution approving an award between the City of Tampa and Polydyne Inc. for the furnishing of Liquid Cationic Polymer in the estimated amount of $7,058,700 for use by the Wastewater Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brad L. Baird, P.E., Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
36.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 37) (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.) Resolution of the City of Tampa, Florida approving a state financial assistance agreement between the City of Tampa, and the Florida Department of Transportation in an amount not to exceed $21,180,255 for the Hillsborough County Resurfacing Tax Project; authorizing execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brandon Campbell, Mobility Department, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
37.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 36) (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.) Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $21,180,255 within the AFT Surtax Network Operating and AFT Surtax Network Capital Projects Funds for use by the Mobility Department; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brandon Campbell, Mobility Department, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
38.  Mobility Department to provide a 5-minute quarterly update as to what roads are being repaired, what roads are planned to be repaired, and an update on the status of the road repair budget. (Next quarterly update will be held on July 17, 2025) Memorandum from Vik Bhide, Director of Mobility Department, transmitting a brief written update for said agenda item.
39.  Mobility Department to provide a monthly in-person report on maintenance work performed on the stormwater system including pump stations, ditches, pipes, inlets, and ponds, as well as a report on the total vendor 3rd party costs. (Next monthly report will be held on May 22, 2025)
40.  Staff to provide an update on pipes every 6 months, to include visuals; further, to include an update provided on the PIPES presentation that was presented on March 7, 2024. (Update to motion initiated by Hurtak-Clendenin on March 6, 2025)(Next update scheduled for October 9, 2025) Memorandum from Brad L. Baird, P.E., Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, notifying City Council that staff will be presenting in-person; further, transmitting a PowerPoint presentation for said agenda item.
41.  Code Enforcement to present a 5-minute report on monitoring the parking compliance in Ybor City; further, that Eric Cotton, Development Coordination Manager, or Abbey Feeley, Deputy Administrator for Development and Economic Opportunity, to be present to provide an update on the progress of getting parking lots into compliance.  (Next bi-monthly report to be scheduled for June 5, 2025) Email from Phyllis Ho-Zuhars, Senior Executive Aide to Chief of Staff, transmitting a PowerPoint presentation for said agenda item.
42.  Abbye Feeley, Administrator for Development and Economic Opportunity, to appear and report on the Land Development Code Reform Process. (Next monthly report to be provided on May 1, 2025) Memorandum from Abbye Feeley, Administrator of Development and Economic Opportunity, notifying City Council that staff will be present to provide a verbal update.
43.  Staff to provide a recurring quarterly written report about planned, started and completed sidewalk construction during that quarter, and the total cost of those projects. (Next Quarterly Written Report scheduled for July 17, 2025) Memorandum from Brandon Campbell, Mobility Department, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
44.  Staff to provide a written report with the process, if any, on the exit interview of employees, in order for Council to review and make modifications.  Memorandum from City Administration, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
45.  Staff to provide a written report on available GIS shape files and Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD) data for the following years 2020 – 2024 to include all relevant time stamps which will be spelled out in the written request so a comprehensive staffing and deployment report can be completed by the International Association of Fire Fighters (IAFF) Fire and EMS Operations Department.  Memorandum from Chief Barbara Tripp, transmitting a written response for said agenda item.
46.  Staff to provide a written report on options of hiring a consultant to conduct an updated and thorough study of the signaling needs of Franklin Street from the Convention Center to Harbour Island; and consider what it would like to close the area off to drop people off at the Convention Center.
47.  Staff to provide a written report on any crosswalk improvements, include a flashing light and repainted cross walk stripping across Tampa Palms Blvd at Bruce B Downs near Publix to enhance pedestrian safety, as well as similar improvements along Tampa Palms Blvd.  Memorandum from Brandon Campbell, Mobility Department, requesting that said agenda item be continued to July 31, 2025.
48.  Staff to provide a written report on how much of the housing funds will be left, and an inquiry on additional potential available housing funds for hurricane flood victims.  Memorandum from Jeff McKittrick, Director of Housing and Community Development, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.

REZ-24-0000113:1, REZ-25-0000009:2