1.  Tampa Heights Immediate Past Chair, Michael Musetta, to appear and provide a verbal report outlining activities and/or concerns of said CAC. -
2.  CRA Director's Monthly Report Memorandum from Cedric McCray, Interim CRA Director, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
3.  Human Resources Department and Abbye Feeley, Administrator of Development and Economic Opportunity, to provide the Board with the applicants’ information for the CRA Director position, as well as their matrix for top choices to discuss the process and final decision. In addition, that Abbye Feeley formally informs the applicants, whom they have already spoken to, that the CRA Board will continue the hiring process going forward.  Memorandum from Cedric McCray, Interim CRA Director, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
4.  CRA Board to have a discussion on the Tampa CRA Housing subsidy framework for future housing development within all the CRA districts, including the matrix that Be Parks, Community Development Coordinator, developed and the overall alignment with the City of Tampa Housing and Community Development Department.  Memorandum from Cedric McCray, Interim CRA Director, transmitting a written report and PowerPoint presentation for said agenda item.
5.  CRA Staff to provide an update on the Community Redevelopment Plan for Central Park and Tampa Heights Riverfront.  Memorandum from Courtney Orr, CRA Development Manager, requesting that said agenda item be continued to February 13, 2025, 2024.
6.  West Riverwalk Multimodal Network Construction Special Project - CRA Funding Request (West Tampa CRA) Memorandum from Brenda Thrower, CRA Development Manager, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
7.  Central Park CAC Appointment for Mr. Tate Grant and Mr. Thomas Murphy. Memorandum from Courtney Orr, CRA Development Manager, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
8.  Tampa Heights CAC Appointment for Christian Greminger, David Reed and Kelly Prieto. Memorandum from Courtney Orr, CRA Development Manager, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
9.  Downtown CAC Appointment for Mr. Ryan Misener Memorandum from Courtney Orr, CRA Development Manager, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
10.  East Tampa CAC Appointments for Andrea White and Nathalie Halsall Memorandum from Cedric McCray, Interim CRA Director, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
11.  West Tampa CAC RE-Appointments for Delphine Jones, Joseph Robinson, and Tina Young. Memorandum from Brenda Thrower, CRA Development Manager, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.