1. Presentation of Commendation to the Police Officer of the Month.
2. Presentation of Commendation to the ATU Local 1464 Employee of the Month
3. Johnny Wong, TPO Executive Director, to provide a 5-minute presentation to discuss the progress made on the regional merger study and ask if Council is comfortable with the scope of work.
4. Resolution approving the bid of Meridian Rapid Defense Group LLC for the furnishing of Portable Vehicle Mitigation Barriers in the estimated amount of $128,139.93, over a 12-month term, for use by the Tampa Police Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
5. Resolution approving the disposition and donation of one (1) Canine "Yeti" of the Tampa Police Department K-9 Unit to retired MPO Jason Lambeth; execution of the Hold Harmless Agreement by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
6.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 7)Resolution approving the acceptance of subgrant funding for traffic enforcement and education in an amount up to $290,000 from the State of Florida Department and education in an amount up to $290,000 from the State of Florida Department of Transportation (FDOT), Project Titled Tampa Safe Travels 2025; authorizing execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
7.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 6)Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; Approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $290,000 within the Police Grants Fund for use by the Tampa Police Department for the 2025 Florida Department of Transportation Safe Travel - Speeding and Aggressive Driving Grant; Providing an effective date.
8.  Resolution authorizing a Modification #3 to subgrant agreement (Contract Number R0523) between the Division of Emergency Management and the City of Tampa to modify the agreement related to the FY 2021 Urban Area Security Initiative (UASI); authorizing execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
9. Resolution approving Idemia Quote (Reference No. IDFL-A041019-02K) inclusive of a Short Form Sales Agreement and Idemia Software License Agreement included as Exhibit A to the Short Form Sales Agreement between the City of Tampa and Idemia Identity & Security USA LLC for the purchase of an Idemia Workstation and Licensing to perform latent fingerprint searches in the estimated amount of $38,409 for use by the Tampa Police Department managed by the Technology and Innovation Department; authorizing execution of the Idemia Quote and Short Form Sales Agreement by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
10. Resolution approving an Order Form between the City of Tampa and Flock Group, Inc. for the purchase of Automated License Plate Reader hardware, software products, and services in the amount of $119,800; authorizing execution of the Order Form by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and providing an effective date.
11. Resolution approving Modification No. 1 to the Federally Funded Subgrant Agreement (No. H0932) between the State of Florida Division of Emergency Management and the City of Tampa for City of Tampa, Fire Station #13, Wind Retrofit (Project No. 4486-013-R); authorizing execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and providing an effective date.
12. Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for mowing and/or removing offensive accumulations from certain real property in the city after failure of the interested parties to mow and/or remove the offensive accumulations from the following properties: (1) 6913 N Highland Ave, (2) 3201 W Fielder St, and (3) 3802 N Dartmouth Ave; authorizing a certified copy of this resolution and exhibit to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a lien; providing an effective date.
13. 0 (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 14)Resolution approving an interlocal agreement between the City of Tampa, Florida and Hillsborough County, Florida to receive match funding for the refurbishing the World War 1 African American Monument located in Memorial Park Cemetery, 2425 E. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd, Tampa, Florida in the amount of ten thousand dollars ($10,000); authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
14. 3 (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 13)Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $20,000 within the Parks Grants Fund and the Community Redevelopment Agency - East Tampa Fund for use by the Parks & Recreation Department for refurbishing the World War 1 African American Monument located in Memorial Cemetery Park; providing an effective date.
15. Special Event Permit: Hyde Park Fresh Market- S. Dakota Ave., Snow Ave.- 1st Sunday of every month in 2025
16. Special Event Permit: 3rd Thursday- Madison St. between Channelside Dr. & Meridian St.- 3rd Thursday of every month in 2025
17. Resolution of the City Council of the City of Tampa, Florida, approving an Agreement relating to the Formation and Operation of the Tampa Bay Regional Infrastructure Accelerator with Tampa Bay Partnership Regional Research and Educational Foundation, Inc., for Regional Partnership support for the Regional Infrastructure Accelerator; authorizing execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
18. 7Resolution approving additional expenditures within an existing Award between the City of Tampa and Polydyne, Inc. for the furnishing of Liquid Cationic Polymer in the estimated amount of $980,400 for a cumulative annual total of $2,506,728 for use by the Wastewater Department; providing an effective date.
19. 8Resolution approving additional expenditures within an existing Award between the City of Tampa and Allied Universal Corporation for the furnishing of Liquid Sulfur Dioxide in the estimated amount of $400,000 for a cumulative annual total of $1,054,767.40 for use by the Wastewater Department; providing an effective date.
20. 9Resolution approving the bid of Duramax Holdings LLC dba Otto Environmental Systems for the purchase of Various Universal Refuse Carts in the amount of $2,169,630, over a three-year term, for use by the Department of Solid Waste & Environmental Program Management; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
21. 0Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and Diversified Professional Services Corp., without a price escalation, for the furnishing of Grit & Jet-Vac Debris Loading and Removal at Howard F. Curren AWT Plant in the estimated amount of $200,000 for use by the Wastewater Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
22. 2Resolution of the City Council of the City of Tampa, Florida, approving an Interlocal Agreement for Traffic Light Maintenance and Operation Services between Hillsborough County Aviation Authority and the City of Tampa for a five (5) year term for locations at Tampa International Airport; providing for the Authority to pay City for said services; authorizing execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
23. 2Resolution authorizing an Agreement for Consultant Services in the amount of $1,093,167 between the City of Tampa and ALFKA, LLC in connection with Contract 24-D-00003 Twiggs Street Complete Streets and Safety Project; authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to execute same; providing an effective date.
24. 1Resolution authorizing an Agreement for Consultant Services in the amount of $1,500,000 between the City of Tampa and Black & Veatch Corporation in connection with Contract 24-D-00017 Potable Water System Master Plan; authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to execute same; providing an effective date.
25. Resolution approving an agreement for Workers’ Compensation Administrative Services between the City of Tampa and Commercial Risk Management, Inc. for the furnishing of Workers’ Compensation Administrative Services in the estimated amount of $1,257,000, over a 36-month term, for use by the Human Resources and Talent Development Department/Risk and Insurance Division; authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
26. Resolution approving agreements between the City of Tampa and Bromberg Translations, L.L.C., Interpreters Unlimited, Inc. and Homeland Language Services LLC for the furnishing of Citywide Interpreter Services in the estimated amount of $120,000, over a three-year term, for use by Various Departments; authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
27. 0Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $1,342,036 within the Utilities Services Tax Special Revenue Fund and the Utilities Services Tax Capital Fund to provide for the funding of the Intersection Safety Capital Improvement Project; providing an effective date.
28. 4Resolution authorizing a compromise settlement in the amount of One Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($150,000.00) of the lawsuit Latoya Veronica McClinton v. City of Tampa¸ Case No. 22-CA-002535, in the Thirteenth Judicial Circuit of Florida; and providing an Effective Date.
29. 2Resolution approving an Agreement between the City of Tampa and Holland & Knight, LLP for the provision of Energy Investment Tax Credit legal services, not to exceed One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00); authorizing execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
30. 2Resolution approving the nomination by the mayor and appointing Abbye Feeley as the Administrator for Development and Economic Opportunity; providing an effective date.
31. Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a CDBG subrecipient agreement for public facilities between the City of Tampa and Cornerstone Family Ministries, INC. To provide funding under the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development Community Development Block Grant (“CDBG”) program in the amount up to $286,658.00 for subrecipient to make certain authorized improvements to its facilities; authorizing the acceptance of a deferred payment mortgage and promissory note to secure the obligations set forth in the agreement; providing an effective date.
32. Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a CDBG subrecipient Agreement for public facilities between the City of Tampa and Solita’s House, INC. (“subrecipient”) to provide funding under the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development Community Development Block Grant (“CDBG”) program in an amount up to $200,000.00 for subrecipient to make certain authorized improvements to its facilities; authorizing the acceptance of a deferred payment mortgage and promissory note to secure the obligations set forth in the agreement; providing an effective date.
33. Resolution to approve the Termination and Release of Declaration of Land Restriction for the property located at 5411 West Tyson Avenue, Tampa, Florida; authorizing the Mayor to execute the Agreement; providing an effective date.
34. 7Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $1,025,000 within the General Fund for Development and Growth Real Estate Department and Coordination Division, and the City Planning Department Operating Expenses; providing an effective date.
35. 3Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of ($444,593) within the Central Park, Channel District, Drew Park, East Tampa, West Tampa, Tampa Heights Riverfront, Ybor I and Ybor II Community Development Agency (CRA) Funds for urban redevelopment expenses; providing an effective date.
36. 0Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $3,330,996 for redevelopment investment within the Central Park and Channel District Community Redevelopment Area (CRA) Funds; providing an effective date.
37. 7Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Release of Easements, renouncing, discontinuing and abandoning any interest in and to the platted and deeded utility easements encumbering the real property located at 5017 Dickens Avenue in Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
38. 8Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Release of Easements, renouncing, discontinuing and abandoning any interest in and to the platted and deeded utility easements encumbering the real property located at 4614 W. Tennyson Avenue in Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
39. 9Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Release of Easements, renouncing, discontinuing and abandoning any interest in and to the platted and deeded utility easements encumbering the real property located at 2606 N. Dundee Street in Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
40. 9Resolution approving the acceptance of a Grant of Sidewalk Easement from DR West River, LLC to the City of Tampa for the purpose of installing, construction, maintaining, operating, repairing and/or replacing sidewalk improvements in the vicinity of 1700 North Boulevard, Tampa, Florida; Providing an effective date.
41. 0Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Grant of Utility Easement, located at 4915 North 34th Street, Tampa, Florida, in favor of Tampa Electric Company for the provision of electrical service; Providing an effective date.
42. Resolution approving the renewal of an Award between the City of Tampa and American Grinding Company, LLC dba American Sidewalk Management, with a 2.9% Consumer Price Index (CPI) Price Escalation, for the furnishing of Sidewalk Grinding in the estimated amount of $700,000 for use by the Mobility Department; providing an effective date.
43. Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and Ennis-Flint, Inc., without a price escalation, for the purchase of Reflectorized Thermoplastic Pavement Marking Compound in the estimated amount of $250,000 for use by the Mobility Department; providing an effective date.
44. Resolution approving the bid of Byrd’s Fleet Service for the furnishing of Tire Repair Services in the estimated amount of $1,746,416 for use by the Logistics and Asset Management Department/Fleet Maintenance Division; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
45. File No. SU1-24-76-CPetition for Review filed by Danielle Mazza, owner, requesting a review hearing regarding a decision of the Zoning Administrator, SU1-24-0000076, pertaining to the property located at 6801 North Orleans Avenue. (Review hearing to be scheduled on January 23, 2025 at 10:00 a.m.)
46. File No. DE1-24-262-CPetition for Review filed by Dale Swope, owner, requesting a review hearing regarding a decision of the Zoning Administrator, DE1-24-0000262, pertaining to the property located at 711 W. Hilda Street. (Review hearing to be scheduled on February 6, 2025 at 10:00 a.m.)
47.  (Carlson & Hurtak no) - Ordinance of the City of Tampa, Florida, repealing City of Tampa code of Ordinances Section 18-8, Citizen Review Board for the Tampa Police Department; providing for severability; providing for repeal of all ordinances in conflict; providing an effective date.  Memorandum from Camaria Pettis-Mackle, Assistant City Attorney; and Michael Schmid, Assistant City Attorney, transmitting information pertaining to City of Miami's Civilian Investigative Panel (CIP).
48. File No. VAC-24-09 (UNAN) -
49. File No. REZ-24-14 (UNAN) -   Resolution approving a bonus provision agreement between Fortune Realty Consulting, LLC and the City of Tampa, in relation to REZ-24-14 for the property located at 2539 West Cherry Street; authorizing the execution thereof by the mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date. (Said resolution to be adopted after second reading and adoption of the ordinance)
50. File No. REZ-24-42 (UNAN) -
51. File No. REZ-24-56 (UNAN) -
52. File No. REZ-24-74 (UNAN) -
53. File No. REZ-24-105 (UNAN) -
54. File No. REZ-24-106 (UNAN) -
55. File No. REZ-24-26 (UNAN) -   Resolution approving a bonus provision agreement between Inkberry Realty, LLC and the City of Tampa, in relation to REZ-24-26 for the property generally located West of the Intersection of West Palmetto Street and North Tampania Avenue, folio number 179149-0050; authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date. (Said resolution to be adopted after second reading and adoption of ordinance)
56. File No. REZ-24-62 (UNAN) -
57. File No. REZ-24-71 (Hurtak, Henderson, & Carlson no) -
58. File No. REZ-24-80 (UNAN; Miranda abstain) -
59. File No. REZ-24-81 (Carlson & Hurtak no) -
60. File No. REZ-24-88 (UNAN) -
61. Public hearing to consider a lease agreement between the City of Tampa, as landlord or lessor, and Tampa Park Apartments, Incorporated, as tenant or lessee, affecting a portion of Tampa Park Plaza Playground, a dedicated City Park, with a street address of 1314 Scott Street, for a period of twenty-five (25) years. (Resolution setting said public hearing adopted on October 3, 2024) Resolution approving a lease agreement for a term of twenty-five (25) years between the City of Tampa, as lessor, and Tampa Park Apartments, Inc., as lessee, for the purpose of leasing a portion of Tampa Park Plaza Playground, 1314 Scott Street, in the Central Park Community Redevelopment Area, which is a dedicated city park, for the purpose of constructing and operating a parking garage for use be the general public and by visitors, tenants and employees of Tampa Park Plaza (also known as "Urban Lux at Tampa Park"); authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; and providing an effective date.
62. Second public hearing on the proposed designation for a brownfield area for rehabilitation pursuant to Chapter 376, Florida Statues, for property generally located in the East Ybor Area consisting of approximately 0.51 acres in the City of Tampa, Florida. (Resolution setting said public hearing adopted on October 17, 2024)(Rescheduled as first public hearing on November 7, 2024)(First public hearing held on November 21, 2024) Resolution of the City of Tampa designating a brownfield area within the City of Tampa, Florida, for property generally located in the East Ybor area consisting of approximately 0.51 acres for the purpose of environmental rehabilitation and economic development; providing an effective date.
63. Second public hearing on the proposed designation of a Brownfield Area for rehabilitation pursuant to chapter 376, Florida Statues for property generally located in the vicinity of 810 Channelside Drive, consisting of approximately 0.49 acres in the City of Tampa, Florida. (Resolution setting said public hearing adopted on October 17, 2024)(Rescheduled as first public hearing on November 7, 2024)(First public hearing held on November 21, 2024) Resolution of the City of Tampa designating a brownfield area within the City of Tampa, Florida for property generally located in the vicinity of 810 Channelside Drive consisting of approximately 0.49 acres for the purpose of environmental rehabilitation and economic development; providing an effective date.
64. Administration Update
65. Resolution approving a Housing Program Funds Agreement by and between the City of Tampa and Blue Tampa 2, LLC for a loan in the amount of $5,000,000 to provide partial funding for construction of affordable rental housing units in Tampa, Florida; authorizing the Mayor to execute and the City Clerk to attest to said agreement; providing an effective date.
66. Resolution approving a Housing Program Funds Agreement by and between the City of Tampa and ALGO-FL, LLC for a loan in the amount of $5,000,000 to provide partial funding for construction of affordable rental housing units located at 103 W. Henry avenue and 5802 and 5804 N. Florida Avenue, Tampa, Florida; authorizing the Mayor to execute and the City Clerk to attest to said agreement; providing an effective date.
67. Resolution authorizing an Amendment to the Agreement between the City of Tampa and J. Kokolakis Contracting, Inc. regarding Contract 21-C-00045 Solid Waste Relocation in the amount of $332,267; authorizing the Mayor to execute said amendment on behalf of the City of Tampa; providing for funding thereof; and providing an effective date.  Memorandum from Brad L. Baird, P.E., Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, requesting that said agenda item be removed.
68.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 69) (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.)Resolution approving a federally funded sub-award and grant agreement between the State of Florida Division of Emergency Management and the City of Tampa for acceptance of grant funds for a range of emergency preparedness and management planning activities in an amount no to exceed $3,240,192 to be used by the Tampa Police Department between budget period November 1, 2024 to August 31, 2027 as the sub-recipient for the 2024 Urban Area Security Initiative (UASI); authorizing execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation of the City Clerk; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Chief Lee Bercaw, Tampa Police Department, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
69.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 68) (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.)Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; Approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $3,240,192 within the Urban Area Security Initiative Grants Fund for use by the Tampa Police Department for the 2024 Urban Area Security Initiative Grant; Providing an effective date. Memorandum from Chief Lee Bercaw, Tampa Police Department, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
70.  (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.)Resolution approving the Sixth Amendment to the current Master Services and Purchasing Agreement between the City of Tampa and Axon Enterprise, Inc., for the continuation of services and to purchase and upgrade Axon devices, products, technology and digital evidence cloud storage services with the option to automatically renew on an annual basis through FY 2034 for a combined estimated total of $49,195,459 for use by the Tampa Police Department; authorizing execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Chief Lee Bercaw, Tampa Police Department, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
71. 7 (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 72)(Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.)Resolution authorizing a Design-Build Services Agreement with a Guaranteed Maximum Price between the City of Tampa and J. Kokolakis Contracting, Inc. regarding Contract 21-C-00045-GMP01, Relocation of Solid Waste Facilities, in the amount of $106,799,549; authorizing the Mayor to execute said agreement on behalf of the City of Tampa; providing for funding thereof; and providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brad L. Baird, P.E., Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
72.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 71) (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.)Resolution of the city council of the city of Tampa, Florida accepting the proposal of Bank of America, N.A. to provide the city with a $130,000,000 non-revolving line of credit to finance or refinance certain capital improvements to the city's Solid Waste system; approving the form of a non-revolving credit agreement with Bank of America, N.A. in order to evidence such line of credit; approving the form of a note; securing the repayment of the non-revolving credit agreement with a pledge of and lien on net revenues of the city's solid waste system; delegating certain authority to the mayor for the approval and execution and delivery of the non-revolving line of credit and said note; delegating authority to the mayor; authorizing the execution and delivery of other documents in connection therewith; and providing for an effective date for this resolution. Memorandum from Brad L. Baird, P.E., Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.  Memorandum from Michael D. Perry, Budget Officer, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
73.  Staff to report on potential locations for the fire maintenance and supply facility and addressing staffing issues for next year’s budget for Station 24; further, that the Real Estate Department to provide a list of city owned properties that are 5 acres or more; in addition, to provide a status on Station 24.  Memorandum from Chief Barbara Trip, Tampa Fire Rescue, transmitting a response for said agenda item.
74. Adriana Colina, Director of Logistics & Asset Management, to present a verbal report on Hanna City Center current and future use of the facility.  Memorandum from Adriana Colina, Director of Logistics & Asset Management, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
75. Chief Financial Officer to research and report on the possibility of creating a “Virtual CRA” or “Budget Focused Area” for Sulphur Springs.  Memorandum from Dennis R. Rogero, Jr., Chief Financial Officer, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
76. Code Enforcement to present a 5-minute report on monitoring the parking compliance in Ybor City; further, that Eric Cotton, Development Coordination Manager, or Abbey Feeley, Deputy Administrator for Development and Economic Opportunity, to be present to provide an update on the progress of getting parking lots into compliance.  (Next bi-monthly report to be scheduled for February 6, 2025) Memorandum from Eric Cotton, Development Coordination Manager; Keith O'Connor, Neighborhood Enhancement Director; and Dennis Fernandez, Architectural Review and Historic Preservation Manager, notifying City Council that staff will be present to provide a verbal report on said agenda item.
77. Abbye Feeley, Deputy Administrator for Development and Economic Opportunity, to appear and report on the Land Development Code Reform Process. (Next monthly report to be provided on December 19, 2024) Memorandum from Abbye Feeley, Interim Administrator for Development and Economic Opportunity, notifying City Council that staff will be present to provide a verbal update, and transmitting a PowerPoint presentation for said agenda item.
78. Staff to bring back an amendment to the sign code; further, for a draft ordinance to be provided for discussion that would allow large format media with the Central Business District on a limited basis.  Memorandum from Eric Cotton, Zoning Administrator Manager, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
79. Staff to report on the closing of Trinity Café on Busch Boulevard, specifically what they are doing for the well-being of clients and for mobility and clients walking on Busch Boulevard to go to other sites for feeding.
80. Staff to present a written report on the number of leases the City has with the GTE building located at 711 E. Henderson Avenue; the number of employees housed at the GTE building (permanent and personnel during EOC operations); and the amount the City pays for each lease, and the beginning and end date of each lease to include current and former leases.  Memorandum from Michelle Van Loan, Real Estate Director, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
81. Staff to provide a written report on the update on the review of fees and potential fee right sizing for Parks and Recreation, City Clerk’s Office, and Neighborhood Enhancement; to include the information reported to the Citizen’s Budget Advisory Council.  Memorandum from Dennis R. Rogero, Jr., Chief Financial Officer, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
82. Staff to present a written report on what FEMA monies the City could utilize to help support those that were impacted by flooding.  Memorandum from Abbye Feeley, Interim Administrator for Development and Economic Opportunity, requesting that said agenda item be continued to January 9, 2025.
83. Staff to provide a written report on making city affordable housing funds to assist those impacted by flooding in the wake of Hurricane Milton, particularly in the North Tampa area.  Memorandum from Abbye Feeley, Interim Administrator for Development and Economic Opportunity, requesting that said agenda item be continued to January 9, 2025.