1. Presentation of commendation to David Rowland, for his 30 years of service as General Council to the 13th Judicial Circuit Court.
2. Hillsborough County be requested to provide a 10-minute presentation regarding a review initiated by the Board of County Commissioners on the study of the integrated stormwater system countywide to examine what worked, what didn’t and what improvements may need to be made to mitigate flooding as much as possible citywide but especially as it relates to the north Tampa area.
3. File No. B2020-10 (10-minute update)FDOT, Florida Department of Transportation to update City Council on projects within the City of Tampa. - (Motion to reschedule from July 18, 2024 initiated by Carlson-Henderson on June 27, 2024) - (Next quarterly appearance to be held on February 6, 2025) Memorandum from Jean W. Duncan, P.E., Administrator of Infrastructure and Mobility, notifying City Council that the Florida Department of Transportation does not have an update to share for this quarter.
4. Resolution approving, consenting to and confirming the re-appointment by the Mayor of James Kempton (Landscape Architect), as a member of the Architectural Review Commission, for a three-year term commencing on October 14, 2024, and ending October 13, 2027; Providing an effective date.
5. Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $25,000 within the Fire Grants Fund for use by Tampa Fire Rescue for the 2024-25 FDLE Drone Replacement Program Grant from the Office of Criminal Justice Grants Department of Law Enforcement; providing an effective date.
6.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 7)Resolution approving an Agreement between the City of Tampa and the Florida Commission on Community Service, otherwise known as Volunteer Florida (contract No. 24-09), and accepting the 2024-2025 Community Emergency Response Team (Cert) Grant in the amount of $7,500; Authorizing execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; Providing an effective date.
7.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 6)Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $7,500 within the Fire Grants Fund for use by Tampa Fire Rescue for the FY25 Community Emergency Response Team (CERT) Grant from Volunteer Florida; providing an effective date.
8.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 9)Resolution approving the acceptance of subgrant funding in an amount up to $753,000 from the State of Florida Department of Transportation (FDOT), Highway Traffic Safety Funds, for the Tampa Police Department Tampa Impaired Driving Enforcement Project, "Last Call"; authorizing execution thereof by the mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
9.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 8)Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; Approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $753,000 within the Police Grants Fund for use by the Tampa Police Department for the 2025 FDOT Tampa Enhanced Impaired Driving Enforcement - Last Call Grant; Providing an effective date.
10.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 11)Resolution approving the acceptance of subgrant funding in an amount up to $150,000 from the State of Florida Department of Transportation (FDOT), Highway Traffic Safety Funds, for the Tampa Police Department Tampa Safe Motorcycle and Rider Techniques (SMART) Project to teach street survival survival skills to motorcycle riders; authorizing execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
11.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 10)Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; Approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $150,000 within the Police Grants Fund for use by the Tampa Police Department for the 2025 FDOT Safe Motorcycle and Rider Techniques Grant; Providing an effective date.
12.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 13)Resolution approving the acceptance of subgrant funding in an amount up to $350,000 from the State of Florida Department of Transportation (FDOT), Highway Traffic Safety Funds, for the Tampa Police Department "Sit Tight and Belt Right" Occupant Protection Project; authorizing thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
13.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 12)Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; Approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $350,000 within the Police Grants Fund for use by the Tampa Police Department for the 2025 FDOT Occupant Protection Program Grant; Providing an effective date.
14. Resolution approving a renewal of the 2025 Annual Federal Equitable Sharing Agreement and Certification report for FY end date 09/30/2024; authorizing execution thereof by the mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
15.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 16)Resolution approving the acceptance of subgrant funding in an amount up to $150,000 from the State of Florida Department of Transportation (FDOT), Highway Traffic Safety Funds, for the Project Title Safe Drivers Make for Safe Work Zones; authorizing execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
16.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 15)Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; Approving the transfer, Reallocation and/or appropriation of $150,000 within the Police Grants Fund for use by the Tampa Police Department for the 2025 FDOT Work Zone Safety Grant; Providing an effective date.
17. Resolution approving a Memorandum of Understanding for emergency location services at Raymond James Stadium between the City of Tampa through Tampa Fire Rescue and the Tampa Sports Authority; authorizing execution by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the city clerk; providing an effective date.
18. Resolution approving an agreement between VIN Safety Inc. ("VIN Safety") and the City of Tampa police Department ("The Agency"); authorizing execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
19. Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $924,566 within the Golf Course Operating and Capital Funds; providing an effective date.
20. Resolution approving the renewal of an existing agreement between the City of Tampa and 2 Meyer Corp., without a price escalation, for the provision of Building Demolition and Removal Services (Sheltered Market Solicitation) in the estimated amount of $320,000 for use by the Neighborhood and Community Affairs Department/Neighborhood Enhancement Division, the Logistics and Asset Management Department/Facility Management Division, and the Mobility Department/Stormwater Engineering Division; providing an effective date.
21. Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for mowing and/or removing offensive accumulations from certain real property in the city after failure of the interested parties to mow and/or remove the offensive accumulations from the following properties: (1) 3013 Sanchez St, (2) 2705 E 12th Ave, and (3) 3304 N 34th St; authorizing a certified copy of this resolution and exhibit to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a lien; providing an effective date.
22. Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for mowing and/or removing offensive accumulations from certain real property in the city after failure of the interested parties to mow and/or remove the offensive accumulations from the following properties: (1) 4207 N 14th St, (2) 4214 N Hubert Ave, and (3) 4611 W McElroy Ave; authorizing a certified copy of this resolution and exhibit to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a lien; providing an effective date.
23. Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for mowing and/or removing offensive accumulations from certain real property in the city after failure of the interested parties to mow and/or remove the offensive accumulations from the following properties: (1) 2819 N Taliaferro Ave, and (2) 2109 E 93rd Ave; authorizing a certified copy of this resolution and exhibit to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a lien; providing an effective date.
24. Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for mowing and/or removing offensive accumulations from certain real property in the city after failure of the interested parties to mow and/or remove the offensive accumulations from the following properties: (1) 2402 E Palifox St, (2) 2403 E Palifox St, And (3) 4902 W Price Ave; authorizing a certified copy of this resolution and exhibit to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a lien; providing an effective date.
25. Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of the application for individual and conceptual approval Environmental Resource Permit, State 4040 Program Permit, and authorization to use state-owned submerged lands as co-applicant with the Davis Island Yacht Club for approval to make capital improvements over state-owned submersed lands to the premises leased by the City to Davis Island Yacht Club located at 1315 Severn Avenue, Tampa Florida; providing an effective date.
26. Special Event Permit: ReliaQuest Bowl Parade- 7th Ave. between 21st St & Nuccio Pkwy, 8th Ave., Palm Ave., 15th St., 16th St., 17th., 18th St., 19th St., 20th St.- December 30, 2024
27. Special Event Permit: Pirate Pet Parade- Water Street between Channelside Dr. & Cumberland Ave.- January 12, 2025
28. Resolution approving Work Order 01, under Contract 22-D-24801, in the amount of $121,155 to V&A Consulting Engineers, Inc. for professional services in connection with Above Ground Force Main Condition Assessment; authorizing issuance of said Work Order by the Contract Administration Department; providing an effective date.
29. Resolution approving the Maintenance Agreement between the City of Tampa, Florida, and The Westshore Alliance, Inc., a Florida Not-For-Profit Corporation for the provision of certain enhanced services for its Westshore district area of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
30. Resolution of the City Council of the City of Tampa approving a Community Aesthetic Feature Agreement between the State of Florida, Department of Transportation and City of Tampa, Florida for the provision certain artistic improvements; providing an effective date.
31. Resolution authorizing a site access agreement between Ecotech Environmental Services, Inc. and the City of Tampa to allow access to the municipal right of way at 5207 West Laurel Street, Tampa, Florida for the purpose of conducting work in connection with investigating soil and groundwater for the purpose of assessment and remediation; providing an effective date.
32. Resolution authorizing a 2nd Amendment to the Agreement for Consultant Services between the City of Tampa and Arcadis U.S., Inc. regarding Contract 18-C-00022-CSA02 Engineer of Record – McKay Bay Refuse to Energy Facility in the amount of $697,373; authorizing the Mayor to execute said Amendment on behalf of the City of Tampa; providing for funding thereof; and providing an effective date.
33. Resolution approving a First Amendment to Medicare Advantage Group Agreement between the City of Tampa and Humana Insurance Company for the provision of a Medicare Advantage Local PPO Plan Benefits Package with Humana Medicare Prescription Plan and a Medicare National ESA Plan PPO Benefits Package with Humana Medicare Prescription Plan for Medicare Eligible Retirees and their eligible dependents of the City of Tampa; authorizing the Mayor to execute said First Amendment to Medicare Advantage Group Agreement; providing an effective date.
34. Resolution approving the NEOGOV Software as a Service Agreement between the City of Tampa and Governmentjobs.com, Inc. dba NEOGOV for the purchase of Programs and Administrative Licenses in the estimated amount of $73,497.16 for use by various Departments managed by the Technology and Innovation Department; authorizing execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
35. Resolution approving an Agreement and Re-Issuance on January 1, 2025 of Policy Number FLK-960665 between the City of Tampa and Life Insurance Company of North America for the furnishing of Long-Term Disability Insurance in the amount of $856,550 over a (5) five-year term for use by the Human Resources and Talent Development Department/Risk & Insurance Division; authorizing the Mayor to execute said Agreement and Re-Issuance of Policy Number FLK-960665; providing an effective date.
36. Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $9,453,776.42 within the General Fund, Parking Operations Fund and Water Operations Fund for use by various departments for recognizing and recording capital lease subscription-based information technology arrangements expenditures per government accounting standards board statement no. 96; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Michael D. Perry, Budget Officer, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
37. 3Resolution approving an Agreement between the City of Tampa and VRC Companies LLC dba Vital Records Control for the provision of Off-Site Records Management Services in the estimated amount of $480,000, over a three-year term, for use by the City Clerk’s Office/Archives and Records Division; authorizing the Mayor to execute said Agreement; providing an effective date.
38. Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $78,020.00 within the HOME Investment Partnerships Program (HOME) Grant Fund to appropriate program income for HOME Grant Program activities; providing an effective date.
39. Resolution approving a funding agreement (Non-Grant Housing Program Funds) between the City of Tampa, and Catholic Charities, Diocese of St. Petersburg, Inc., a Florida nonprofit corporation; providing funding up to $1,000,000.00 for the provision of services in support of homeless persons; authorizing execution by the Mayor; providing an effective date.
40. Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $6,527.96 within the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Fund to appropriate program income for CDBG program activities; providing an effective date.
41. Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $888,627 within the Central Park, Channel District, Downtown Core, Downtown Non Core, Drew Park, East Tampa, West Tampa, Tampa Heights Riverfront, Ybor I and Ybor II Community Development Agency (CRA) and General Funds to reconcile FY2024 salaries; providing an effective date.
42. Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $246,769.64 within the State Housing Initiatives Partnership (SHIP) Grant Fund to appropriate program income for SHIP Grant Program activities; providing an effective date.
43. Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a CDBG Subrecipient agreement for Public Facilities between the City of Tampa and Mental Health Care, Inc. dba Gracepoint (“Subrecipient”) to provide funding under the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development Community Development Block Grant (“CDBG”) Program up to the amount of $600,000.00 for Subrecipient to make certain authorized improvements to its facilities; authorizing the acceptance of a deferred payment mortgage and promissory note to secure the obligations set forth in the agreement; providing an effective date.
44. Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a CDBG Subrecipient Agreement for Public Facilities between the City of Tampa and Metropolitan Ministries, Inc. (“Subrecipient”) to provide funding under the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development Community Development Block grant (“CDBG”) program in an amount up to $300,000.00 for Subrecipient to make certain authorized improvements to its facilities; authorizing the acceptance of a deferred payment mortgage and promissory note to secure the obligations set forth in the agreement; providing an effective date.
45. Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Release Of Easement Reserved by Ordinance renouncing, discontinuing and abandoning any interest in and to the drainage easement reserved by Vacating Ordinance No. 7831-A that encumbers the real property located at 5222 W. Laurel Street in Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
46. Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a First Amendment to Communications Tower Lease Agreement between the City of Tampa, as Landlord, and New Cingular Wireless PCS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Lessee, for the installation and operation of additional telecommunications equipment on City property located at 8435 N. Nebraska Avenue, Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
47. Resolution approving a HOME Funds Agreement between the City of Tampa and Tampa 47th Street Apartments, LLC providing for a loan of $75,000.00 under Home Investment Partnerships program of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HOME) program to provide partial funding for construction of a 175-unit, affordable housing development located at the northeast corner of 47th street and Schipman Court, Tampa, Florida; approving the execution thereof by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
48. Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Partial Release of Platted Easements renouncing, discontinuing and abandoning any interest in and to a portion of those easements dedicated by the plat of Maryland Avenue Subdivision that encumber the real properties located at 1015 Lily White Court, 1555 Scott Street and 1502 Nuccio Parkway, all in Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
49. Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a contract for sale and purchase between the City of Tampa, as purchaser and Good Life Properties, LLC, a New Mexico Limited Liability Company, as trustee of the Clark Family Trust, dated July 30, 2020, a Florida Land Trust, as Seller, for the purchase of real property located at 4703 North 19th Street, Tampa, Florida, at a purchase price of $235,000 together with closing costs in the approximate amount of $15,000; for East Tampa Community Redevelopment purposes; approving the acceptance of the proposed form warranty deed; providing an effective date.
50. Resolution approving the bid of Merion Landscape Services, LLC for the furnishing of Ditch Mowing and Maintenance Services for North Zones (Sheltered Market Solicitation) in the estimated amount of $305,158 for use by the Mobility Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
51. Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and JNandlal Maintenance Services of Brandon, LLC with a 3.0% Consumer Price Index (CPI) price increase, for the furnishing of Brick Street and Paver Repair Services (Sheltered Market Solicitation) in the estimated amount of $720,000 for use by the Mobility Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
52. Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $275,000 within the Parking Operations Fund for use by the Mobility Department to purchase vehicles; providing an effective date.
53.  -
54. Administration Update
55.  Resolution authorizing an Amendment to the Agreement between the City of Tampa and J. Kokolakis Contracting, Inc. regarding Contract 21-C-00045 Solid Waste Relocation in the amount of $332,267; authorizing the Mayor to execute said amendment on behalf of the City of Tampa; providing for funding thereof; and providing an effective date.  Memorandum from Brad L. Baird, P.E., Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
56.  (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.)Resolution approving an Agreement between the City of Tampa and Mainzer Management, Inc. d/b/a Techstaff, and an Agreement between the City of Tampa and Personnel Solutions Plus, LLC for the furnishing of Professional, Technical and Specialized Administrative Staffing Services in the estimated total amount of $6,400,000, over a two-year term, managed by the Human Resources & Talent Development Department, for use by various departments; authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to execute said Agreements; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Kelly Austin, Director of Human Resources and Talent Development, transmitting a written response for said agenda item.
57.  (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.)Resolution approving contract Change Order 2 Renewal adding $6,500,000 to the contract between the City of Tampa and Dallas 1 Corporation DBA Dallas 1 Construction & Development for Contract 22-C-34004, construction of Citywide Meter, Hydrant And Valve Installation and Replacement; authorizing execution of said change order by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brad L. Baird, P.E., Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
58.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 59) (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.)Resolution approving an Agreement for Design-Build Initial Services in the amount of $7,728,537 between the City of Tampa and Kimmins Contracting Corp. in connection with Contract 23-C-00021 South Howard Flood Relief & Streetscape Project Design-Build (Project); authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to execute same; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brad L. Baird, P.E., Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
59.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 58) (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.)Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $598,872 for the South Howard Flood Relief & Streetscape Project for use by Mobility Department within the Water Renewal and Replacement Fund; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brad L. Baird, P.E., Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
60.  (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.)Resolution approving a Design-Build Services Agreement with a Guaranteed Maximum Price (GMP-1) for Contract 22-C-00038-GMP01 Downtown Union Station Renovations Design-Build between the City of Tampa and Collage Design and Construction Group, Inc. dba The Collage Companies, in the amount of $3,341,362; authorizing the Mayor to execute said Agreement on behalf of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brad Baird, P.E., Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
61.  (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.)Resolution approving Contract Change Order 2 renewal adding $10,374,383.40 to the Contract between the City of Tampa and Dallas 1 Corporation dba Dallas 1 Construction & Development for Contract 22-C-30002, construction of Water Utility Relocation – FY22; authorizing execution of said Change Order by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brad L. Baird, P.E., Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
62.  (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.)Resolution approving a First Amendment to Agreement between the City of Tampa and Passport Labs, Inc. for the provision of an Automated Parking Management System in the estimated amount of $3,721,535 for use by the Mobility Department/Parking Division; authorizing the Mayor to execute said agreement and order form; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Vik Bhide, Director of Mobility Department, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
63.  Staff to report on potential locations for the fire maintenance and supply facility and addressing staffing issues for next year’s budget for Station 24; further, that the Real Estate Department to provide a list of city owned properties that are 5 acres or more.  Memorandum from Abbye Feeley, Interim Administrator of Development and Economic Opportunity, transmitting a written response for said agenda item.  Memorandum from Chief Barbara Tripp, Fire Rescue, transmitting a written response for said agenda item.
64. Staff to present an in-person report to include General Fund major revenue by category for the FY24 Adopted Budget, FY24 Preliminary Year End, and the variance between the two. Include the following categories of revenue (based on page 6 of the FY25 Budget presentation titled “General Fund Budget”: property taxes, other taxes, charges for service, and miscellaneous revenues. Further, to include General Fund major expenditure by category for the FY24 Adopted Budget, FY24 Preliminary Year End, and the variance between the two. Include the following categories (based on page 7 of the FY25 Budget presentation titled “General Fund Budget”: salary benefits, new positions, CRA contributions, Pay-Go Capital Project Funding, budget increases, increased costs, increased level of service, and new service.  Memorandum from Michael D. Perry, Budget Officer, requesting that said agenda item be continued to December 18, 2024.
65. Revenue and Finance staff to present an in-person report to include a look at all revenue sources and a graphic that shows what went up and what went down in FY24.  Memorandum from Michael D. Perry, Budget Officer, requesting that said agenda item be continued to December 18, 2024.
66. Workshop to discuss contracts and recommendations for Julian B. Lane Riverfront Park. (Motion to reschedule from the cancelled September 26, 2024 workshop initiated by Clendenin-Miranda on October 17, 2024) Memorandum from Ocea J. Wynn, Administrator of Neighborhood & Community Affairs, notifying City Council that staff will be present for a verbal report.
67. Legal Department to report on the appropriate means by which the Mayor can reframe, and City Council can approve the application of 6.01 to be limited to only those that report directly to the Mayor.  Memorandum from Andrea Zelman, City Attorney, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
68. Staff to present a draft ordinance that would require a fair market appraisal be completed of any property proposed to be sold or transferred, and to include that the appraisal be presented to City Council prior to a vote to sell or transfer property.  Memorandum from Morris Massey, Deputy City Attorney, requesting that said agenda item be continued to either February 27, 2025 workshop session or March 5, 2025 regular session.
69. Planning Commission to provide a written report with information on the next steps for the Fowler Vision Plan.  Memorandum from Melissa Zornitta, Executive Director of Hillsborough County City-County Planning Commission, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
70. Staff to present a written report on potential emergency rules that would facilitate the restoration, repair and rebuilding of structures on presently legally non-conforming lots impacted by disaster.  Memorandum from Eric Cotton, Development Coordination Manager, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.