1.  Presentation of Commendation to the Police Officer of the Month.
2.  Presentation of Commendation to the Firefighter of the Quarter.
3.  Abbye Feeley, Administrator for Development and Economic Opportunity, to appear and report on the Land Development Code Reform Process. (Next monthly report to be provided on April 3, 2025) Memorandum from Abbye Feeley, Administrator for Development and Economic Opportunity, notifying City Council that Clarion consultants will be present to provide a verbal update.
4.  Resolution approving the reappointment by the Mayor of Sean Patterson to the Human Rights Board of the City of Tampa in the “Industrial Management” position for a three-year term commencing on June 16, 2025, and ending on June 15, 2028, providing an effective date.
5.  Resolution approving the bid of Sterling Corporation doing business in the state of Florida as Sterling Helicopter Corporation for the furnishing of Airframe Components for Bell 407 & 206L-4 Helicopters in the estimated amount of $2,370,500 for use by the Tampa Police Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Lee Bercaw, Chief of Police, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
6.  Resolution Approving a Second Amendment to Agreement between the City of Tampa and Galls, LLC to provide for the renewal of the Agreement, with a consumer price index (CPI) price escalation of 3.3%, for the furnishing of a Web Based Uniform Purchasing System for the Tampa Police Department in the estimated amount of $300,000 use by the Tampa Police Department; authorizing the Mayor to execute said Second Amendment to Agreement; providing an effective date.
7.  Resolution approving the disposition and donation of one (1) Canine (K-9) "Yerrid" of the Tampa Police Department K-9 Unit to Corporal Joseph Aduddell; execution of the Hold Harmless Agreement by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
8.  Resolution approving the bid of Terradyne Armored Vehicles Inc. for the purchase of one (1) Armored Vehicle for use by the Tampa Police Department in the estimated amount of $385,360, through the 2023 Urban Area Security Initiative (“UASI”) Grant administered by the Tampa Police Department for the entire Tampa Bay Area; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
9.  Resolution approving the renewal of a Vehicle Use Agreement between the National Insurance Crime Bureau and the City of Tampa Police Department; authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation of the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
10.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; Approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $45,000 within Law Enforcement Trust Fund - State Forfeiture for use by the Tampa Police Department for community investment grants; Providing an effective date.
11.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 12) Resolution approving the acceptance of grant funds not to exceed the awarded amount of $384,040 from the Florida Department of Law Enforcement for Project Community Violence intervention and Prevention (CVI) grant program for project period October 1, 2024 to June 30, 2025 to pay personnel, equipment and community partnerships to conduct violence intervention and prevention activities; authorizing execution of the grant award by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
12.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 11) Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; Approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $384,040 within the Police Grants Fund for use by the Tampa Police Department for the 2025 Community Intervention and Prevention Grant from the Office of Justice Programs, Florida Department of Law Enforcement; Providing an effective date.
13.  Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and T.C.C. Enterprise Inc, with a consumer price index (CPI) price escalation of 2.7%, for the provision of Julian B. Lane Riverfront Park Grounds Maintenance (Sheltered Market Solicitation) in the estimated amount of $162,036.03 for use by the Parks and Recreation Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
14.  Resolution approving a license and hold harmless agreement between the City of Tampa, Florida and the Tampa Downtown Partnership, Inc. A private not for profit organization to allow a bandshell tent to be stored annually in Perry Harvey, Sr. Park located At 1000 E Harrison St, Tampa , Florida from January through November during times when it is not sited at Curtis Hixon Park for the holidays season for a license fee of one dollar ($1.00), authorizing the execution thereof by The Mayor Of The City Of Tampa; providing an effective date.
15.  Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for the preparation, demolition and/or removal of certain building and/or structure from the following property: 8312 N Klondyke St, after the determination that said building or structure satisfied the criteria to demolish and the property owner(s) failed to demolish and/or remove same or failed to do so prior to the city incurring costs; authorizing a certified copy of the resolution to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a notice of assessment of lien; providing an effective date.
16.  Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for the preparation, demolition and/or removal of certain building and/or structure from the following property: 1710 E Idell St, after the determination that said building or structure satisfied the criteria to demolish and the property owner(s) failed to demolish and/or remove same or failed to do so prior to the city incurring costs; authorizing a certified copy of the resolution to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a notice of assessment of lien; providing an effective date.
17.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $5,666 for use by the Neighborhood & Community Affairs Department within the General Fund for the transfer of one vehicle; providing an effective date.
18.  Resolution approving a standard hall license contract between the City of Tampa, Florida, and David A. Straz, Jr. Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. to hold the 2025 annual Parks and Recreation Dance and Gymnastics recitals at a cost not to exceed forty-six thousand nine hundred and forty-six and 09/00 dollars ($46,946.09); authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
19.  Resolution approving a Social Action & Arts fund agreement for person with intellectual disabilities internship administrator services between the City of Tampa Florida and Pepin Academies, Inc to provide internship opportunities with city departments for person with intellectual disabilities in the amount of twenty-five thousand dollar ($25,000); authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an Effective Date.
20.  Resolution of the City of Tampa, Florida accepting a donation of equipment from John Diaz for a billiards table Craftmaster 4; x 8; to be used at the David M. Barksdale Adult Activity Center in an amount valued at six hundred dollars ($600); authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to execute the acceptance of said donation; providing an effective date.
21.  Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for mowing and/or removing offensive accumulations from certain real property in the city after failure of the interested parties to mow and/or remove the offensive accumulations from the following property: 9611 N 12th St; authorizing a certified copy of this resolution and exhibit to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a lien; providing an effective date.
22.  Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for mowing and/or removing offensive accumulations from certain real property in the city after failure of the interested parties to mow and/or remove the offensive accumulations from the following property: 2907 Cord St; authorizing a certified copy of this resolution and exhibit to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a lien; providing an effective date.
23.  Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for the preparation, demolition and/or removal of certain building and/or structure from the following property: 8506 N Mulberry St, after the determination that said building or structure satisfied the criteria to demolish and the property owner(s) failed to demolish and/or remove same or failed to do so prior to the city incurring costs; authorizing a certified copy of the resolution to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a notice of assessment of lien; providing an effective date.
24.  Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for mowing and/or removing offensive accumulations from certain real property in the city after failure of the interested parties to mow and/or remove the offensive accumulations from the following property: 3010 E Fern St; authorizing a certified copy of this resolution and exhibit to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a lien; providing an effective date.
25.  Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for mowing and/or removing offensive accumulations from certain real property in the city after failure of the interested parties to mow and/or remove the offensive accumulations from the following property: 3704 W Elrod Ave; authorizing a certified copy of this resolution and exhibit to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a lien; providing an effective date.
26.  Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for mowing and/or removing offensive accumulations from certain real property in the city after failure of the interested parties to mow and/or remove the offensive accumulations from the following property: 2707 E 22nd Ave; authorizing a certified copy of this resolution and exhibit to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a lien; providing an effective date.
27.  Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for mowing and/or removing offensive accumulations from certain real property in the city after failure of the interested parties to mow and/or remove the offensive accumulations from the following property: 6502 S Himes Ave; authorizing a certified copy of this resolution and exhibit to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a lien; providing an effective date.
28.  Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for mowing and/or removing offensive accumulations from certain real property in the city after failure of the interested parties to mow and/or remove the offensive accumulations from the following property: 10220 N 28th St; authorizing a certified copy of this resolution and exhibit to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a lien; providing an effective date.
29.  Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for mowing and/or removing offensive accumulations from certain real property in the city after failure of the interested parties to mow and/or remove the offensive accumulations from the following property: 1607 E 19th Ave; authorizing a certified copy of this resolution and exhibit to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a lien; providing an effective date.
30.  Resolution approving a Social Action & Arts Fund Services Agreement between the City of Tampa, Florida and Friends of the Riverwalk, Inc., a Florida not for profit corporation to support community events and promotion of activities on the Riverwalk in the amount of Thirty-Five Thousand Dollars ($35,000); authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
31.  Resolution approving a License and Hold Harmless Agreement between the City of Tampa, Florida, and Paramount Painting & Services, Inc. a for profit organization to allow the installation and teardown of scaffolding and temporary closure of affected areas of Madison Street Park located at 1218 E Madison St, Tampa, Florida, and to provide protective fencing during installation and teardown of scaffolding for a License Fee of One Dollar ($1.00); authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
32.  CH 28 Special Event Permit: Corvette & antique Car Show- 7th Ave. between 15th and 21st Sts.- March 22,2025
33.  CH 28 Special Event Permit: Tampa Pride Parade & Festival- Nuccio Pkwy, 7th Ave, 8th Ave, 9th Ave- March 29, 2025
34.  CH 28 Special Event Permit: Tampa Bay Empanada Fest- Harrison St. from Orange Ave. to Central Ave. Central Ave. from Harrison St. to Ray Charles Blvd.- March 29, 2025
35.  CH 28 Special Event Permit: TFR 5K-Nuccio Pkwy, Palm Ave, Cass St- April 5, 2025
36.  Resolution approving the purchase under Sourcewell Contract No. 092222-CAT of two (2) Caterpillar Model XQ125, 125 KW Trailer Mounted Generators from Ring Power Corporation at a unit price of $116,114 for a cumulative amount of $232,228 for use by the Wastewater Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
37.  Resolution approving the bid of Handy Can Disposing & Recycling Inc for the furnishing of Solid Waste Material Additional Hauling Services at McKay Bay Transfer Station (Sheltered Market Solicitation) in the estimated amount of $291,780 for use by the Department of Solid Waste and Environmental Program Management; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
38.  Resolution approving the bid of Big Dog Express of South Florida, Inc. for the furnishing of Solid Waste Material Hauling Services at McKay Bay Transfer Station (Bid Discount) in the estimated amount of $1,503,540 for use by the Department of Solid Waste and Environmental Program Management; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
39.  Resolution approving a purchase under the Florida Sheriffs Association Contract No. FSA23-VEH21.1: Heavy Trucks & Buses of two (2) Kenworth T880 CNG Chassis with Galfab Roller Body Vehicles from All Roads Kenworth, LLC in the amount of $831,902 for use by the Department of Solid Waste and Environmental Program Management; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
40.  Resolution approving a purchase under the Florida Sheriffs Association Contract No. FSA23-VEH21.1: Heavy Trucks & Buses of two (2) Battle Motors LET2 Chassis with Labrie Automizer Automated Side Loaders from All Roads Kenworth, LLC in the amount of $931,548 for use by the Department of Solid Waste and Environmental Program Management; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
41.  Resolution approving a purchase under the Florida Sheriffs Association Contract No. FSA23-EQU21.0: Equipment of One (1) John Deere 544P Wheel Loader from Dobbs Equipment, LLC in the amount of $264,773 for use by the Water Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
42.  Resolution approving a purchase under the Florida Sheriffs Association Contract No. FSA23-VEH21.1: Heavy Trucks & Buses of one (1) Kenworth T880 Transport Tractor from All Roads Kenworth, LLC in the amount of $242,523 for use by the Wastewater Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
43.  Resolution approving Change Order 1 Final to Contract 22-C-00016, construction of Kirby Street FM and Gomez PS FM Improvements, between the City of Tampa and Kamminga & Roodvoets, Inc., a decrease of 226,065.38 and final payment in the amount of $10,000; authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to execute said Change Order on behalf of the City of Tampa, Providing an effective date.
44.  Resolution authorizing Change Order 1 Final to Contract 21-C-00010 Ybor Pumping Station Standby Generators, between the City of Tampa and Poole & Kent Company of Florida, deducting $10,246.22 from said Change Order; authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to execute said contract on behalf of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
45.  Resolution approving Change Order 1 Final to Contract 21-C-00033, construction of 131st Street Trunk Sewer Rehabilitation By CIPP; between the City of Tampa and Miller Pipeline, LLC, deducting ($84,379.46) from said contract; authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to execute said Change Order on behalf of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date. .
46.  Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and Power Kleen Corporation, without a price escalation, for the furnishing of Floating Deodorant Degreaser at the Wastewater Department Facilities in the estimated amount of $291,000 for use by the Wastewater Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
47.  Resolution approving Contract Change Order 1 to the Contract between the City of Tampa and Young’s Communications, LLC for Contract 21-C-00024 Palma Ceia Water Main Replacement – Phase III; authorizing execution of said Change Order by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
48.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $205,000 for operating expenses for e-Builder managed services for use by Contract Administration within the General Fund; providing an effective date.
49.  Resolution authorizing a compromise settlement by the City of Tampa in the amount of Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($200,000.00) of the lawsuit Daniel Moreno, as Personal Representative of the Estate of Maria Del Carmen Torres, Deceased v. City of Tampa, Case No. 23-CA-001218, in the Thirteenth Judicial Circuit of Florida; and providing for an Effective date.
50.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $247,680 within the General Fund for use by City Attorney for outside counsel; providing an effective date.
51.  Christine Glover, Director of Internal Audit, transmitting audit report Water Department - Credit, Collections, and Call Center Operations, dated February 7, 2025
52.  Resolution partially vacating the plat of Bungalow City Addition Subdivision, as recorded in Plat Book 8, Page 71, of the public records of Hillsborough County and approving a replat of same to be known as Via Darna Townhomes, contingent upon certain conditions; authorizing the Chairman of the City Council and the City Clerk to execute a proper certificate of the replat; providing an effective date.
53.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $63,682.16 within the State Housing Initiatives Partnership (SHIP) Grant Fund to appropriate program income for SHIP Grant Program activities; providing an effective date.
54.  Resolution of the City of Tampa, Florida, amending Resolution No. 2025-29, passed and adopted by the City Council of the City of Tampa on January 9, 2025, by correcting a scrivener's error in section 2 of said Resolution, which established a term for an information services agreement instead of a term for a license order between Clarita. LLC and City of Tampa; providing an effective date
55.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $84,151.92 within the HOME Investment Partnerships Program (HOME) Grant Fund to appropriate program income for HOME Grant Program activities; providing an effective date.
56.  Resolution of the city of Tampa, Florida, amending Resolution No. 2020-540 by correcting scrivener’s errors including, replacement of “Resolution 2020-___” with “ Resolution No. 2020-539” and replacement of “Resolution No. 2017-331” with “Resolution No. 2017-321;” providing an effective date.
57.  Resolution of the City of Tampa, Florida, amending Resolution No. 2020-539 by correcting a scrivener’s error in the title by deleting “Resolution No. 2017-331” and inserting “Resolution No. 2017-321;” providing an effective date.
58.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $8,886.58 within the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Fund to appropriate program income for CDBG program activities; providing an effective date.
59.  (Part 1 of 4)(See Items 60, 61, and 62) Resolution approving the execution by the mayor and attestation by the city clerk of an agreement and declaration of covenants and restrictions authorizing a grant award from the interstate historic preservation trust fund phase I in the amount of $25,000 from the city of Tampa to Barbara Scott; authorizing the mayor of the city of Tampa to execute and the city clerk to attest to said agreement; providing for an effective date.
60.  (Part 2 of 4)(See Items 59, 61, and 62) Resolution approving the execution by the mayor and attestation by the city clerk of an agreement and declaration of covenants and restrictions authorizing a grant award from the interstate historic preservation trust fund phase i in the amount of $25,000 from the city of Tampa to Johnathan Fuentes and Suzana Fuentes; authorizing the mayor of the city of Tampa to execute and the city clerk to attest to said agreement; providing for an effective date.
61.  (Part 3 of 4)(See Items 59, 60, and 62) Resolution approving the execution by the mayor and attestation by the city clerk of an agreement and declaration of covenants and restrictions authorizing a grant award from the interstate historic preservation trust fund phase i in the amount of $25,000 from the city of Tampa to Sharon Baker, Ronae Baker and Kendra Baker; authorizing the mayor of the city of Tampa to execute and the city clerk to attest to said agreement; providing for an effective date.
62.  (Part 4 of 4)(See Items 59, 60, and 61) Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $75,000.00 within the Florida Department of Transportation (FDOT) - Interstate Highway Expansion Phase I Trust Funds for historic rehabilitation of property; providing an effective date.
63.  Resolution partially vacating the plat of Philip Collins’s Addition to West Tampa Subdivision, as recorded in Plat Book 1, Page 60, of the public records of Hillsborough County and approving a replat of same to be known as West River Hotel Center, contingent upon certain conditions; authorizing the Chairman of the City Council and the City Clerk to execute a proper certificate of the replat; providing an effective date.
64.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Grant of Utility Easement, located at 5021 North 34th Street, Tampa, Florida, in favor of Tampa Electric Company for the provision of electrical service; Providing an effective date.
65.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Partial Release of Reserved Easement renouncing, discontinuing, and abandoning any interest in and to a that utility easement reserved by Vacating Ordinance No. 3515-A that encumbers the real property located at 1301 W. Green Street in Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
66.  Resolution approving the acceptance of a Grant of Non-Exclusive Wastewater Easement from Hillsborough County Aviation Authority, for wastewater facilities within the property located at 4500 West Ohio Avenue in Tampa, Florida; Providing an effective date.
67.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $92,944 within the State Housing Initiatives Partnership (SHIP) Grant Fund for SHIP Grant Program activities/Down Payment Assistance; providing an effective date.
68.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Partial Release of Reserved Easement renouncing, discontinuing and abandoning any interest in and to those drainage and stormwater easements reserved by Vacating Ordinance Nos. 96-90 and 2016-70 that encumber the real property located at 5200 S. Manhattan Avenue in Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
69.  Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and Williams Landscape Management Co., Inc. with a 2.6% Consumer Price Index (CPI) price increase for the provision of Retention Pond Mowing and Maintenance (Sheltered Market Solicitation) in the estimated amount of $300,000 for use by the Mobility Department; providing an effective date.
70. **File No. DE1-24-251-C** Petition for Review filed by Ted Boscaino, applicant/owner, requesting a review hearing regarding a decision of the Zoning Administrator/Historic Preservation Manager, DE1-24-251, pertaining to the property located at 1915 W. Cherry Street. (Review hearing to be scheduled on May 1, 2025 at 1:30 p.m.)
71.  CH 25 (UNAN; Clendenin absent at vote) An ordinance of the City of Tampa, Florida, relating to pedicab and nonmotorized vehicle regulation; making revisions to City of Tampa Code of Ordinance, Chapter 25 (transportation); amending section 25-4, definitions; amending section 25-48, permit types; amending section 25-60, reserved; amending section 25-61, nonmotorized vehicle—permit required; one permit for each business or operation; permit to be attached to each vehicle; amending section 25-62, same —application for permit; approval, denial of application; appeal; permit fee; amending section 25-63, same—adherence to plan submitted in application required; amendments to plan; modifications to plan by transportation manager; amending section 25-64, same—renewal of permits; lost, destroyed permits; permits nontransferable; replacements and substitutions; dormant permits; amending section 25-65, same – driver’s permit required; applications; qualifications; issuance or denial of permit; duration and renewal; revocation; display of permit; amending section 25-66, same—business tax; amending section 25-67, same—liability insurance required; form, amount and coverage; approval; amending and renumbering section 25-187 to section 25-60, nonmotorized vehicles; providing for repeal of all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith; providing for severability; providing an effective date.
72. **File No. VAC-25-03** (UNAN) An ordinance of the City of Tampa, Florida, vacating, closing, discontinuing and abandoning a portion of Marie Avenue right-of-way located North of Kennedy Boulevard, South of North B Street, East of Dale Mabry Highway, and West of Sterling Avenue, within the Plat of Palmere Subdivision in the City of Tampa, Hillsborough County,Florida, as more fully described in section 2 hereof, subject to certain covenants, conditions and restrictions as more particularly set forth herein; providing for enforcement and penalties for violations; providing for definitions, interpretations and repealing conflicts; providing for severability; providing an effective date.
73. **File No. REZ-25-05** (UNAN) An ordinance rezoning property in the general vicinity of 201 North Dale Mabry Highway, in the City of Tampa, Florida, and more particularly described in Section 1, from Zoning District Classification(s) PD (planned development) to PD (planned development, storefront residential (commercial/office), office, business and professional, retail sales, shoppers’ goods, restaurant and personal services); providing an effective date.
74. **File No. REZ-24-47** (Hurtak & Clendenin no) An ordinance rezoning property in the general vicinity of 2010 East Powhatan Avenue, in the City of Tampa, Florida, and more particularly described in Section 1, from Zoning District Classification(s) SH-RS (Seminole Heights, residential, single-family) to SH-RM (Seminole Heights, residential, multi-family); providing an effective date.
75. **File No. REZ-24-90** (UNAN) An ordinance rezoning property in the general vicinity of 3916 West Alva Street, in the City of Tampa, Florida, and more particularly described in Section 1, from Zoning District Classification(s) CG (commercial general) to PD (planned development, vehicle sales and leasing); providing an effective date.
76. **File No. REZ-24-96** (UNAN) An ordinance rezoning property in the general vicinity of 3212 West Marlin Avenue, in the City of Tampa, Florida, and more particularly described in Section 1, from Zoning District Classification(s) RS-60 (residential, single-family) to RS-50 (residential, single-family); providing an effective date.
77. **File No. REZ-25-08** (UNAN; Carlson absent at vote) An ordinance rezoning property in the general vicinity of 5200 South Manhattan Avenue, in the City of Tampa, Florida, and more particularly described in Section 1, from Zoning District Classification(s) CI (commercial intensive) to PD (planned development, residential, single-family, attached); providing an effective date.
78.  First public hearing relating to the Development Agreement for 35th Street Multi-Family Project between the City of Tampa and Uptown Ybor, LLC, relating to the property located at 2305 N. 35th Street, Tampa, Florida and generally bounded by N. 34th Street to the west, Interstate-4 to the north, N. 36th Street to the east and E. 12th Avenue to the south; Providing for two notices of intent to consider said agreement. (Motion adopting resolution to schedule said public hearing initiated by Clendenin-Miranda on February 6, 2025) (Second public hearing to be held on March 27, 2025 at 10:30 a.m.)
79. **File No. DE1-25-01-C** Review Hearing on petition for review filed by Dr. Monica Lake, owner, requesting a review hearing regarding a decision of the Zoning Administrator, DE1-25-01, pertaining to the property located at 1802 N. Armenia Avenue.
80. **File No. SU1-24-85-C** Review Hearing on petition for review filed by Ron Fair, owner, requesting a review hearing regarding a decision of the Zoning Administrator, SU1-24-0000085, pertaining to the property located at 3127 W Oaklyn Avenue.
81. Administration Update
82.  Staff to review the application for the honoring and renaming of the park at Pinewood and Markum, after the late Lisa Chesire; further, Staff to provide a presentation of the application.  Email from Lori Hernandez, Senior Executive Aide, transmitting a PowerPoint presentation for said agenda item.
83.  Staff to report on naming the Multisports Field after the late Roland Paz, Sr. (Motion reschedule from January 25, 2024 to said date initiated by Viera-Hurtak on January 11, 2024) Email from Lori Hernandez, Senior Executive Aide, transmitting a PowerPoint presentation for said agenda item.
84.  Staff to provide an update on pipes every 6 months, to include visuals. (Next update scheduled for September 4, 2025) Memorandum from Brad L. Baird, P.E., Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, requesting that said agenda item be withdrawn and combined with the next Bi-Annual Capital Improvement Project Report.
85.  Mobility Department to provide a monthly in-person report on maintenance work performed on the stormwater system including pump stations, ditches, pipes, inlets, and ponds, as well as a report on the total vendor 3rd party costs.  Memorandum from Vik Bhide, Directory of Mobility Department, notifying City Council that staff will be presenting a verbal report.
86. Memorandum from Dennis R. Rogero, Chief Financail Officer, notifying City Council that staff will be in-person to provide report; further, that said item be heard in conjunction with File No. CM24-8158.  Mobility Department to allocate an additional $500,000 annually starting FY25 to the Stormwater Operations budget in support of a contract to provide ditch-grading services; also, for Dennis Rogero, Chief Financial Officer, to provide a funding source for the incremental $500,000 to be used in FY25 and the date it will be transferred to the Stormwater Service Assessment Fund.
87. Memorandum from Dennis R. Rogero, Chief Financail Officer, notifying City Council that staff will be in-person to provide report; further, that said item be heard in conjunction with File No. CM24-12003.  Dennis Roger, Chief Financial Officer, to present answers from the questions that were presented by Councilmembers to Dennis Rogero, Chief Financial Officer, and Hagar Kopesky, Council Budget Analyst, pertaining to the general fund major revenue.
88.  Legal Department to present a draft ordinance to add a code of conduct to Chapter 26.5 of the Tampa City Code for WMBE and SLBE certified contractors with the City of Tampa; in addition, that a discussion on parking be included. (Motion to reschedule said agenda item from December 19, 2024 initiated by Viera-Miranda on December 5, 2024)
89.  Staff to report back to vote for the possibility of creating an Ad hoc Committee to advise on a Semi Quins Centennial 250th celebration; further, that said committee would have 7 appointees of City Council and 4 by the Mayor, and meet three times to present their recommendations to Council.  Memorandum from Ian Whitney, Associate Director of Government Affairs, requesting that said agenda item be continued to July 17, 2025.
90.  Staff to provide a written report on the status of the plaque in Ybor City for the late Officer Morris Lopez.  Please see the previously submitted memorandum from Andrea Zelman, City Attorney, dated June 6, 2024.
91.  Staff to provide a written report with the direction provided by Council, as to the steps going forward regarding large format media.  Memorandum from Abbye Feeley, Administrator of Development & Economic Opportunity; and Susan Johnson-Velez, Senior Assistant City Attorney, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
92.  Staff to provide a written report on how and when the disability internship positions are advertised, for the number of applicants submitted, and the effort that was made inter-departmentally to identify opportunities for placement.  Memorandum from Ocea J. Wynn, E.I., MPA, CPM, Administrator of Neighborhood & Community Affairs, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.

VAC-25-0000003:1, REZ-25-0000005:2, REZ-24-0000047:3, REZ-24-0000090:4, REZ-24-0000096:5, REZ-25-0000008:6