1. Public Hearing to consider the draft Consolidated Annual Performance and Evaluation Report to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development regarding the City’s Community Development Block Grant, Emergency Solutions Grant, Home Investment Partnerships, and Housing Opportunities for Persons With Aids Programs for the 2023 program and 2024 fiscal year that ended on September 30, 2024. (Motion adopting resolution to schedule said public hearing initiated by Clendenin-Miranda on November 7, 2024) Memorandum from Michelle Boone, Housing and Community Development Supervisor, transmitting a written report and PowerPoint presentation for said public hearing.
2. Second public hearing on the proposed designation of a Brownfield Area for rehabilitation pursuant to chapter 376, Florida Statues, upon application from Richman Hillsborough Apartments, LTD for properties generally located in the vicinity of 2302 East Hillsborough Avenue consisting of approximately 13.42 acres in the City of Tampa, Florida. (Resolution setting said public hearing adopted on October 17, 2024)(First public hearing held on November 7, 2024)
3. First public hearing on the proposed designation for a brownfield area for rehabilitation pursuant to Chapter 376, Florida Statues, for property generally located in the East Ybor Area consisting of approximately 0.51 acres in the City of Tampa, Florida. (Resolution setting said public hearing adopted on October 17, 2024)(Rescheduled as first public hearing on November 7, 2024)(Second public hearing to be heard on December 5, 2024 at 10:30 a.m.)
4. First public hearing on the proposed designation of a Brownfield Area for rehabilitation pursuant to chapter 376, Florida Statues for property generally located in the vicinity of 810 Channelside Drive, consisting of approximately 0.49 acres in the City of Tampa, Florida. (Resolution setting said public hearing adopted on October 17, 2024)(Rescheduled as first public hearing on November 7, 2024)(Second public hearing to be heard on December 5, 2024 at 10:30 a.m.)
5. File No. TA/CPA24-08Public hearing for property located at 3901 and 3905 North Ola Avenue and 3904 North Dartmouth Avenue, from Residential-10 (R-10) to Residential-20 (R-20).
6. File No. CIP-CIS FY25-29Public hearing on the Tampa Comprehensive Plan, Capital Improvement Section to replace fiscal year 2024 through 2028 with Capital Improvement Section Schedule of Projects for fiscal year 2025 through 2029.
7. File No. AB2-24-08Public Hearing on application of Shelbi Weeks requesting a Special Use 2 for a Small Venue; Beer and Wine (Consumption On Premises/Package Sales Consumption Off Premises) generally located at 4703 N. Nebraska Avenue. (6)c)
8. File No. AB2-24-11Continued Public Hearing from August 29, 2024 on application of Legacy Property Group LLC requesting a Special Use 2 for a Small Venue; Beer and Wine (Consumption On Premises Only) generally located at 3906 S. MacDill Ave. Unit 3910. (6)c)
9. File No. AB2-24-13Public Hearing on application of Brm Henderson LLC requesting a Special Use 2 for a Small Venue; Beer, Wine, Liquor (Consumption On Premises/Package Sales Consumption Off Premises) generally located at 3636 Henderson Blvd. (6)c)
10. File No. AB2-24-15Public Hearing on application of Stephen Michelini requesting a Special Use 2 for a Large Venue; Beer, Wine, Liquor (Consumption On Premises Only) generally located at 2234 E. 7th Avenue. (6)c)
11. File No. AB2-24-30Public Hearing on application of Amanda Brewer requesting a Special Use 2 for a Small Venue; Beer, Wine, Liquor (Consumption On Premises/Package Sales Consumption Off Premises) generally located at 2506 S. MacDill Avenue. (6)c)
12. File No. AB2-24-12Public Hearing on application of Tania Garcia Torres requesting a Special Use 2 for a Large Venue, Beer, Wine and Liquor (Consumption on Premises Only), generally located at 1020 W. Busch Boulevard, Units A & B.
13. File No. AB2-24-34Public Hearing on application of Kevin Casey requesting a Special Use 2 for a Small Venue, Beer, Wine and Liquor (Consumption on Premises/Package Sales Consumption Off Premises), generally located at 6430 N. Florida Avenue.
14. File No. AB2-24-35Public Hearing on application of David Mechanik requesting a Special Use 2 for a Small Venue, Beer, Wine and Liquor (Consumption on Premises/Package Sales Consumption off Premises), generally located at 2106 W. Main Street.
15. File No. AB2-24-36Public Hearing on Application of Jaime Maier requesting a Special Use 2 for a Large Venue, Beer, Wine and Liquor (Consumption on Premises/Package Sales Consumption off Premises), Generally located at 5017 E. Washington Street.
16. File No. AB2-24-37Public Hearing on application of Mark Bentley requesting a Special Use 2 for a Small Venue, Beer, Wine and Liquor (Consumption on Premises/Package Sales Consumption off Premises), generally located at 2000 E. 11th Avenue.
17. File No. AB2-24-48Public Hearing on Application of Tyler Hudson requesting a Special Use 2 for a Large Venue, Beer, Wine and Liquor (Consumption on Premises/Package Sales Consumption off Premises), generally located at 1701 N. Franklin Street.