1.  Presentation of Commendation to the ATU Local 1464 Employee of the Month.
2.  Presentation of Commendation to Valentina Michelini, who completed the task of obtaining the status of Eagle Scout.
3.  Feeding Tampa Bay to provide a 10-minute presentation on their annual report.
4.  Presentation of the Jackson House renovation plans by the Jackson House Foundation. (Motion to reschedule from December 19, 2024 initiated by Carlson-Miranda on December 12, 2024)
5.  Resolution approving, consenting to and confirming the appointment by the Mayor of Cher L. Powers (Arborist), as a member of the Variance Review Board, for a four-year term commencing on February 20, 2025, and ending February 19, 2029; Providing an effective date.
6.  Resolution approving the appointment by the Mayor of Sean Robinson, Don Lott, Sundai Reynoso, Gaston Meredith, Malissiza “Missy” Pitcher, Amie Devero, Tommy Whitehead, Carly Puleo, and Dominique Cagle to the Equal Business Opportunity Advisory Committee of the City of Tampa to fill vacant positions classified as Stakeholder Representative, Citizen in the Construction Industry, Citizen in the Service Industry, Hispanic American, African American, Caucasian Female, Caucasian Male, At-Large Citizen (Non-Specific), and At-Large Citizen (WMBE Community); to serve terms of three years, two years, or eighteen months, respectively, commencing on February 20, 2025, and ending on the respective expiration date of each term of appointment; providing an effective date.
7.  Resolution approving a Combined Operational Assistance and Voluntary Cooperation Mutual Aid Agreement between the City of Tampa Police Department and the Hernando County Sheriff's Office; authorizing execution of the agreement by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
8.  Resolution approving a Combined Operational Assistance and Voluntary Cooperation Mutual Aid Agreement between the City of Tampa Police Department and the City of Plant City Police Department; authorizing execution of the agreement by the mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
9.  Resolution approving the disposition and donation of one (1) canine (K-9) "Molly" of the Tampa Police Department K-9 unit to Garrison & Sloan Inc.; execution of the Hold Harmless Agreement by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
10.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 11) Resolution approving the acceptance of the Grant Agreement Addendum with End Human Trafficking, Inc. decreasing grant funds for cost-savings in the amount of $2,182 for a total grant award of $76,972; authorizing execution of the Grant Agreement Award by the Mayor of the City of Tampa and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
11.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 10) Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; Approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $2,182 (Decrease) within the Police Grants fund for use by the Tampa Police Department for an addendum to the FY2025 End Human Trafficking - Law Enforcement Technology Program from Florida Alliance to End Human Trafficking; Providing an effective date.
12.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 13) Resolution approving a Memorandum of Understanding-Funding Agreement between the City of Tampa and Firehouse Subs Public Safety Foundation, INC., providing for a donation in the amount of twenty-five thousand seven-hundred ninety-nine dollars and forty cents ($25,799.40) to City of Tampa for the purchase of sixty (60) FastWrench tools for use by Tampa Fire Rescue; Authorizing the Mayor of the City of Tampa to accept such donation; Authorizing execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; Providing an effective date.
13.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 12) Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $25,799.40 within the Public Safety Contributions & Donations Fund from Firehouse Subs Public Safety Foundation for use by Tampa Fire Rescue for the purchase of sixty (60) Fastwrench Tools; providing an effective date. Part 2 of 2.
14.  Resolution accepting the donation of three (3) canines estimated value $37,500 to the City of Tampa by RISE Tampa, Our Police Foundation, Inc., for use by the Tampa Police Department K-9 Unit; providing an effective date.
15.  Resolution approving a Business Center Services provider agreement between the City of Tampa and FedEx Office and Print Services, Inc. for the furnishing of Business Center Services for the Convention Center and Tourism Department at the Tampa Convention Center for the City of Tampa; authorizing the Mayor to execute said agreement; providing an effective date.
16.  Resolution approving an Affiliation Agreement between the City of Tampa, Florida, and the University of South Florida Board of Trustees for its College of Behavioral & Community Services to provide an internship opportunity for one student with the City ADA Coordinator; authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
17.  Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and Greenturf Services, Inc., with a Consumer Price Index (CPI) price escalation of 2.4%, for the furnishing of Citywide Medians and Parkways Grounds Maintenance, in part, for Lot I Citywide Medians and Parkways North of Kennedy Blvd and Lot II Citywide Medians and Parkways South of Kennedy Blvd in the estimated amount of $718,745 for use by the Parks and Recreation Department; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
18.  (Part 2 of 2)(See Item 19) Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation and/or appropriation of $2,000,000 within the Parks and Recreation Grants Capital Projects Fund for use by the Picnic Island Nature Based Solutions project; providing an effective date.
19.  (Part 1 of 2)(See Item 18) Resolution approving a standard grant agreement between the City of Tampa and the Florida Department of Environmental Protection for the Picnic Island Nature Based Solutions project; authorizing execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; providing an effective date.
20.  Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for mowing and/or removing offensive accumulations from certain real property in the city after failure of the interested parties to mow and/or remove the offensive accumulations from the following property: 3614 N 26th Street; authorizing a certified copy of this resolution and exhibit to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a lien; providing an effective date.
21.  Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, to secure vacant structure/s on the following property: 8714 N Hyaleah Road; after failure of the interested parties to secure the vacant structure/s on such property; authorizing a certified copy of this resolution and exhibit to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a lien; providing an effective date.
22.  Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for the preparation, demolition and/or removal of certain building and/or structure from the following property: 1706 W Main Street, after the determination that said building or structure satisfied the criteria to demolish and the property owner(s) failed to demolish and/or remove same or failed to do so prior to the city incurring costs; authorizing a certified copy of the resolution to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a notice of assessment of lien; providing an effective date.
23.  Resolution assessing the costs expended by the City of Tampa, a municipal corporation, for the preparation, demolition and/or removal of certain building and/or structure from the following property: 1535 E 7th Ave, after the determination that said building or structure satisfied the criteria to demolish and the property owner(s) failed to demolish and/or remove same or failed to do so prior to the city incurring costs; authorizing a certified copy of the resolution to be recorded with the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having the force and effect of a notice of assessment of lien; providing an effective date.
24.  CH 28 Special Event Permit: She is Football 5k Run, Walk & Stroll- MLK Blvd., Himes Ave., Columbus Drive & Tampa Bay Blvd.- Saturday, March 8, 2025
25.  CH 28 Special Event Permit: St. Patrick's Parade- Pierce St., Morgan St., Marion St., Madison St., Ashley Dr., Polk St.- March 15, 2025
26.  CH 28 Special Event Permit: Hyde Park Art Festival- Snow Ave., S. Dakota Ave.- March 22-23, 2025
27.  CH 25 Special Event Permit: 2025 Santa Fest and Holiday Parade-Ashley Dr, Madison St., Polk St. & Pierce St.- Saturday, December 6, 2025
28.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $300,000 of Renewable Natural Gas Sales revenue within the Solid Waste Operations Fund for use by the Department of Solid Waste and Environmental Program Management; providing an effective date.
29.  Resolution authorizing an Amendment to Agreement between the City of Tampa and Pennoni Associates, Inc., regarding Contract 18-D-00038 Channel District Improvements in the amount of $68,890; authorizing the Mayor to execute said Amendment on behalf of the City of Tampa; providing for funding thereof; and providing an effective date.
30.  Resolution approving Work Order 01, under Contract 22-D-15701, in the amount of $140,547.85 to Fehr & Peers, Corporation for professional services in connection with Mobility Fee and Multimodal Fee Update Services; authorizing issuance of said work order by the Contract Administration Department; providing an effective date.
31.  Resolution approving General Terms and Conditions of Sale between the City of Tampa and Endress + Hauser Inc for the standardization purchase of Endress + Hauser Sampler Parts and Service from Trinova, Inc., in the estimated amount of $21,557.02 for use by the Wastewater Department; authorizing the Mayor to execute said agreement; providing an effective date.
32.  Resolution approving an Agreement for Water Use Restriction Enforcement Services between the City of Tampa and Mainzer Management, Inc. dba Techstaff for the provision of Water Use Restriction Enforcement Services in the estimated amount of $913,623 over a thirty-six month term for use by the Water Department/Engineering Division; authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
33.  Resolution approving additional expenditures within an existing Award between the City of Tampa and Pro Serv Industrial Contractors, LLC for the furnishing of McKay Bay Waste to Energy (WTE) Facility Mechanical Services in the estimated amount of $250,000 for a cumulative total of $1,076,095 for use by the Department of Solid Waste and Environmental Program Management; providing an effective date.
34.  Resolution approving Change Order No. 1 to Agreement No. LPA0393 between the City of Tampa and Florida Department of Environmental Protection; Authorizing execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk; Providing an effective date.
35.  Resolution approving a purchase under the Florida Sheriffs Association Contract No. FSA23-VEH21.1: Heavy Trucks & Buses of one (1) Western Star 47X Boat Hauler Truck from Tampa Truck Center LLC in the amount of $159,924.59 for use by the Department of Solid Waste and Environmental Program Management; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date.
36.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $17,361 within the Utilities Services Tax Capital Projects Fund and $279,179 within the CIT Program 6 FY21-FY26 Capital Projects Fund for use by the Port Tampa Community Center Solar PV Installation project; providing an effective date.
37.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $4,694,740 for interest and other income within the Central Park, Channel District, Downtown Core, Downtown Non-Core, Drew Park, East Tampa, West Tampa, Tampa Heights Riverfront, Ybor I and Ybor II and Master Infrastructure Project (SPP) Community Development Agency (CRA) Funds; providing an effective date.
38.  Resolution of the City of Tampa, Florida, approving a limited assignment and amendment of agreement between City and contractor for external auditing services between of the City of Tampa, Florida, and MSL P.A., to Forvis Mazars, LLP, for the furnishing of external audit services for use by the Revenue and Finance Department; authorizing execution by the Mayor; providing an effective date.
39.  Resolution approving the Execution by the Mayor and Attestation by the City Clerk of a Housing Program Funds Agreement for Multi-Family Compliance Monitoring between the City of Tampa and Neighborhood Lending Partners, Inc. To provide compliance monitoring for properties funded under the various funding sources in an amount up to $250,000.00 per year for a term of one (1) year with two (2) one-year renewal periods; authorizing the execution thereof by the Mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date.
40.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025; approving the transfer, reallocation, and/or appropriation of $1,000,000 within the Emergency Solutions Grants (ESG) fund for Rapid Unsheltered Survivor Housing (RUSH) Grant Activities; providing an effective date.
41.  Resolution approving a housing opportunities for persons with AIDS amendment for significant BLI changes under PSH grant agreement between the City of Tampa and U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development in the total amount of $2,250,000.00; to amend the budget line items for the grant to shift $143,350.00 from the leasing, supportive services, and other housing activity budget line items to Tenant-based assistance budget line item; and amend period of performance expiration date; authorizing the execution thereof by the mayor and attestation by the city clerk; providing an effective date.
42.  Resolution approving the acceptance of a Grant of Sidewalk Easement from Mental Health Care, Inc, to the City of Tampa for the purpose of installing, constructing, maintaining, operating, repairing and/or replacing sidewalk improvements in the vicinity of 2208 East Henry Avenue, Tampa, Florida; Providing an effective date.
43.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Release of Reserved Easements, Indemnity Agreement and Bill of Sale, discontinuing and abandoning any claim to those utility easements reserved by Ordinance No. 90-265 that encumber the real property located at 1307 W. Kennedy Boulevard in Tampa, Florida, and transferring ownership of certain water facilities that are no longer active or needed; providing an effective date.
44.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Release of Easements, renouncing, discontinuing and abandoning any interest in and to the platted and deeded utility easements encumbering the real property located at 5019 W. Dickens Avenue in Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
45.  Resolution approving the acceptance of a Grant of Stormwater Drainage Easement from Marshall Smith to the City of Tampa for the installation, construction, repair, operation, maintenance and replacement of drainage facilities in the vicinity of 2024, 2026 and 2028 North 11th Street, Tampa, Florida; Providing an effective date.
46.  Resolution approving the acceptance of a grant of sidewalk easement from Love & Glory Learning Center, Inc., a Florida Corporation to the City of Tampa for the purpose of installing, constructing, maintaining, operating, repairing and/or replacing sidewalk improvements in the vicinity of 4911 North 42nd street, Tampa, Florida; providing an effective date.
47.  Resolution partially vacating the plat of Fair Ground Farms Subdivision, as recorded in Plat Book 8, Page 34, of the public records of Hillsborough County and approving a replat of same to be known as 3201 at West Tampa Townhomes, contingent upon certain conditions; authorizing the Chairman of the City Council and the City Clerk to execute a proper Certificate of the Replat; providing an effective date.
48.  Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a First Amendment to Lease Agreement between the State of Florida Department of Transportation, as Lessor, and the City of Tampa, as Lessee, regarding the real property located at 1301 Morgan Street, Tampa, Florida, reducing the size of the leased area in order to facilitate a Florida Department of Transportation roadway improvement project; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Vik Bhide, Director of Mobility Department, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
49.  Resolution making certain changes in the budget of the City of Tampa for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, approving the transfer, reallocation and/or appropriation of $5,354,695 within the Transportation Grants Capital Projects Fund and $4,700,000 within the CIT Series 2016 Bonds Capital Projects Fund for use by the UNITE: Ashley Drive project; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Michael D. Perry, Budget Officer, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
50. **File No. DE1-24-251-C** Petition for Review filed by Ted Boscaino, applicant/owner, requesting a review hearing regarding a decision of the Zoning Administrator/Historic Preservation Manager, DE1-24-251, pertaining to the property located at 1915 W. Cherry Street. (Review hearing to be scheduled on April 3, 2025 at 1:30 p.m.)
51. **File No. VAC-24-16** (Hurtak no) An ordinance of the City of Tampa, Florida, vacating, closing, discontinuing and abandoning that portion of Mulberry Drive right-of-way located North of the Hillsborough River, South of Bird Street, East of 19th Street, and West of Rowlett Park Drive, within the Plats of Kathryn Park and Fern Cliff Subdivisions in the City of Tampa, Hillsborough County, Florida, as more fully described in Section 2 hereof, subject to certain covenants, conditions and restrictions as more particularly set forth herein; providing for enforcement and penalties for violations; providing for definitions, interpretations and repealing conflicts; providing for severability; providing an effective date.
52.  (HPC 24-27) (UNAN; Viera absent at vote) An Ordinance of the City of Tampa, Florida, designating the Doby House located at 1405 West Azeele Street, Tampa, Florida, as more particularly described in Section 3 hereof, as a Local Historic Landmark; providing for repeal of all ordinances in conflict; providing for severability; providing an effective date.
53. File No. TA/CPA24-12 (UNAN; Clendenin absent & Carlson being absent at vote) An ordinance amending the Tampa Comprehensive Plan, Future Land Use Element, Future Land Use Map, for the property located at 801 East 26th Avenue, from Residential-20 (R-20) to Community Mixed Use-35 (CMU-35); providing for repeal of all ordinances in conflict; providing for severability; providing an effective date.
54. **File No. REZ-25-12** (UNAN) An ordinance rezoning property in the general vicinity of 702 West Columbus Drive, 2502 and 2504 North Boulevard and folio number 183355-0005, in the City of Tampa, Florida, and more particularly described in section 1, from zoning district classification(s) RS-60 (residential, single-family), CG (commercial general) and PD (planned development) to PD (planned development, storefront residential, all commercial neighborhood uses); providing an effective date. (Public hearing reheard as first reading - Original motion to approve said ordinance on first reading was initiated by Viera-Miranda on January 23, 2025)
55. **File No. REZ-24-52** (Hurtak, Henderson, & Miranda no) An ordinance rezoning property in the general vicinity of 205, 207 and 209 East Columbus Drive, 2301, 2303, 2307 and 2315 North Florida Avenue, 204 and 206 East Amelia Avenue and folio number 191372-0000, in the City Of Tampa, Florida, and more particularly described in section 1, from zoning district classification(s) RM-24 (residential, multi-family) and CI (commercial intensive) to PD (planned development, storefront residential (commercial), all commercial general uses, commercial parking); providing an effective date.  due to lack of two-thirds majority vote of 3-3 with Hurtak, Clendenin, and Henderson voting no, and Carlson being absent)(Public hearing reheard as first reading - Original motion to approve said ordinance on first reading was initiated by Carlson-Viera on January 23, 2025) Resolution approving a Bonus Provision Agreement between Pawan K. Rattan, Rattan Pawan K. Trustee, Framework Group, LLC and the City of Tampa, in relation to REZ-24-52 for the property located at 2315 N. Florida Avenue, 2307 N. Florida Avenue, 2303 N. Florida Avenue, 2301 N. Florida Avenue, 205 E. Columbus Drive, 204 E. Amelia Avenue, 206 E. Amelia Avenue, 207 E. Columbus Drive, and 209 E. Columbus Drive, and an unaddressed parcel along E. Amelia Avenue between N. Florida Avenue and N. Morgan Street, bearing folio number 191373-0000; authorizing the execution thereof by the mayor of the City of Tampa; providing an effective date. (Said resolution to be adopted after second reading and adoption of the ordinance)
56. **File No. AB2-24-46** (UNAN; Clendenin absent & Carlson being absent at vote) An ordinance approving a special use permit (SU-2) for alcoholic beverage sales – large venue (consumption on-premises only) and making lawful the sale of beverages regardless of alcoholic content – beer, wine and liquor – on that certain lot, plot or tract of land located at 1901 East 7th Avenue, Tampa, Florida, as more particularly described in section 3; providing that all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict are repealed; repealing AB1-16-28; providing an effective date.
57. **File No. AB2-24-49** (UNAN; Clendenin absent & Carlson being absent at vote) An ordinance approving a special use permit (SU-2) for alcoholic beverage sales – small venue (consumption on premises only) and making lawful the sale of beer and wine at or from that certain lot, plot or tract of land located at 2501 West Busch Boulevard, unit #5A, Tampa, Florida, as more particularly described in section 2; providing that all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict are repealed; providing an effective date.
58.  An ordinance designating a portion of Tampa as a “event zone” in order to regulate activities from April 2, 2025, through April 7, 2025, in preparation for hosting the 2025 NCAA Women’s Final Four; designating geographic boundaries, dates and times for the event zone; regulating and prohibiting temporary outdoor activities, tents, signage, and commercial promotion in the right-of-way; providing for inspections and permits; providing for first amendment zones; providing for penalties; providing for definitions; providing for severability; repealing conflicts; and providing an effective date.
59.  CH 15 An ordinance of the City of Tampa, Florida, relating to Chapter 15 (Parking), Article II, regulations, permits, penalties; amending section 15-104 “Residential Parking Permit Only Area”; providing for repeal of all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith; providing for severability; providing an effective date.
60. Administration Update
61.  (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.) Resolution of the City of Tampa, Florida, approving a Merchant Agreement between the City of Tampa and Bank of America, N.A. for the purchase of Merchant Services and/or any Ancillary Services in the estimated amount of $4,564,711.64 for use by the Revenue and Finance Department; authorizing the Mayor to execute said Master Agreement; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Dennis R. Rogero, Chief Financial Officer, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
62.  (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.) Resolution approving the bids of AIO Enterprise, LLC dba Lionize Construction, Associated Cost Engineers, Inc. of Delaware, Austin Construction Group Inc., New Vista Builders Group LLC, Promise Construction and Repair Solutions LLC, and S&L Building Solutions, LLC for the furnishing of Job Order Contracting for Residential Rehabilitation and Repair Services in the estimated amount of $1,900,000 for each bidder, with an estimated cumulative total of $11,400,000 for use by the Housing and Community Development Department; approving a form of Housing Rehabilitation Work Contract between the City of Tampa, the residential single-family home owner and one of the awarded bidders on a job order basis; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; authorizing the Mayor to execute said housing rehabilitation work contracts; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Jeff McKittrick, Director of Housing and Community Development; and Cedric McCray, Interim Director of Community Redevelopment Agency, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
63.  (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.) Resolution approving the execution by the Mayor and attestation by the City Clerk of a Contract for Sale and Purchase between the City of Tampa, as Purchaser, and I Touch LLC, a Florida Limited Liability Company as Seller, for the purchase of real property in the East Tampa CRA Area located at 4801 and 4803 East Hillsborough Avenue, Tampa, Florida, at a purchase price of $4,600,000 together with closing costs in the approximate amount of $50,000; for the TFR Maintenance/Supply Shop purposes; approving the acceptance of the proposed form Warranty Deed; Providing an effective date. Memorandum from Michelle Van Loan, Real Estate Director, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
64.  (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.) Resolution approving the renewal of an award between the City of Tampa and Odyssey Manufacturing Co., without a price escalation, for the furnishing of Sodium Hypochlorite (Re-bid) in the estimated amount of $3,025,498 for use by the Water Department, the Wastewater Department and the Department of Solid Waste and Environmental Program Management; authorizing the Director of Purchasing to purchase said property, supplies, materials or services; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Brad L. Baird, P.E., Deputy Administrator of Infrastructure, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
65.  (Placed under Staff Reports and Unfinished Business pursuant to a motion made by Council.) Resolution approving an Interlocal Agreement by, between and among the Gas Worx Community Development District, the City of Tampa, Florida, and the Community Redevelopment Agency of the City of Tampa, Florida regarding public infrastructure improvements being undertaken by said Community Development District in the Central Park, Downtown and Ybor 2 Community Redevelopment Areas; providing, among other things, for reimbursement for a portion of said public infrastructure improvements by the Community Redevelopment Agency of the City of Tampa, Florida in an amount not to exceed a total of $32,307,868.00 consisting of $3,599,028.00 for public infrastructure improvements in the Central Park Community Redevelopment area, $14,927,498.00 for public infrastructure improvements in the downtown Community Redevelopment Area, and $13,781,342.00 for public infrastructure improvements in the Ybor City 2 Community Redevelopment Area; authorizing the approval and execution of the Interlocal Agreement by the Community Redevelopment Agency on the condition that the obligations of the Agency shall not be an obligation of the City of Tampa; authorizing execution of said Interlocal Agreement by the Mayor; providing an effective date.
66.  Staff and consultants to present a report as to a comparison of the original projected costs of the waste to energy plant to what the private sectors offers at the time and compare those to the actual costs as of this date and the current private sector costs.  Memorandum from Jean Duncan, P.E., Infrastructure and Mobility Administrator, notifying City Council that staff will be present to provide an in-person report for said agenda item.
67.  Staff to present a 5-minute in-person report on an overview of the recently completed $45 million Tampa Convention Center Renovation Project, to include the following overview: 1) The project approval timeline from 2020-2024; 2) Detail of the cost components for Design Services, GMP 1, GMP 2 and any change orders with Skanska; 3) Detail of additional work effort that consumed any of the $1.75 million in Skanska contingency funds; 4) Detail of any non-Skanska costs; 5) Description of deliverables associated with the construction (ex. Expanded internal floorspace, new meeting rooms, HVAC upgrades, etc.); 6) Key implantation dates and reasons for variances from original vendor deadlines; 7) Financial comparison of budget to actual for project #1001984; 8) Options for use of unused Capital funds since this project was bonded, including breakout between CRA and non-CRA portion; 9) Soft and hard benefits the City can expect from this investment; and 10) Any other pertinent details Staff believes would be helpful. (Motion to reschedule from December 19, 2024 initiated by Hurtak-Clendenin on November 21, 2024) Email from Phyllis Ho-Zuhars, Senior Executive Aide to Chief of Staff, transmitting a PowerPoint presentation for said agenda item.
68.  Mobility Department to report on establishing a school zone in front of Pepin Academies and relevant jurisdictions, as well as painting and posting signs that states “Do not block intersection” along 40th Street. (Motion to reschedule said agenda item from December 19, 2024 initiated by Viera-Miranda on December 5, 2024) Memorandum from Brandon Campbell, Transportation Services Director/Mobility Department, transmitting a brief written report for said agenda item.
69.  Mobility Staff to explain why their downtown traffic plan is not being followed as alleged by downtown property owners.  Memorandum from Brandon Campbell, Transportation Services Director/Mobility Department, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
70.  Abbye Feeley, Administrator for Development and Economic Opportunity, to appear and report on the Land Development Code Reform Process. (Next monthly report to be provided on February 20, 2025) Memorandum from Abbye Feeley,Administrator for Development and Economic Opportunity, notifying City Council that staff will be present to provide a verbal update for said agenda item.
71.  Legal to present a proposal to add the North Franklin Street Corridor to Section 15-104 of the existing code; boundaries are East Kay Street to the south, North Florida Avenue to the east, East Oak Avenue to the north, and North Tampa Street to the west. (Motion to reschedule from February 6, 2025 to February 20, 2025 initiated by Hurtak-Miranda on January 23, 2025)
72.  Staff to present a 5-minute in-person report on an overview of the soon-to-be completed Lower Peninsular Watershed Plan Project; further, that the overview should include the following: 1) The project approval timeline from 2019-2024; 2) Detail of the cost components for Design Services including amendments, GMP agreement, and any change orders with Kimmins; 3) Detail of additional work effort that consumed any of the $400k City controlled and $3M Kimmins controlled contingency funds; 4) Detail of any non-Kimmins costs; 5) Description of deliverables associated with the construction (ex. linear feet of box culvert, 9-acre pond, storm drainage, roads resurfaced, park amenities, etc.): 6) Key implementation dates and reasons for variances from original vendor deadlines; 7) Financial comparison of budget to actual for project #1000750; 8) Options for use of unused Capital funds, if any; 9) Soft and Hard benefits the City can expect from this investment; and 10) Any other pertinent details staff believes would be helpful.  (Motion to reschedule from December 19, 2024 initiated by Hurtak-Clendenin on November 21, 2024) Memorandum from Jean Duncan, P.E., Infrastructure and Mobility Administrator, requesting that said agenda item be continued to June 5, 2025.
73.  Mobility and Legal Staff to bring back a report on prohibiting parking meters in the yellow brick road area.  Memorandum from Councilmember Carlson, requesting that said agenda item be removed.
74.  Staff to present a written report on all of the expenditures for Districts 4, 5, 6, and 7, to include numbers with and without the CRA.
75.  Staff to provide a written report on the specific details on changes for the standards of Code Sections 27-60, Alternative Design Exception, and 27-71, Site plan requirements for Special Uses, Design Exceptions and the Variance Review Board.  Memorandum from Eric Cotton, Development Coordination Manager, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
76.  Staff to report back on which City department owns and operates the property behind 9419 Forest Hills Dr. Tampa, FL. 33612. In addition, that the appropriate department report back on the maintenance plan for the property as residents are concerned about a lack of drainage on this property due to a lack of maintenance dealing with culverts and ditches.
77.  That the Code Enforcement Department provide a written report regarding the rules and regulations of allowing motor homes to be parked in front or in back of Airbnb.  Memorandum from Camaria Pettis-Mackle, Assistant City Attorney, requesting that said agenda item be continued to May 15, 2025.

VAC-24-0000016:1, REZ-25-0000012:2, REZ-24-0000052:3, AB2-24-0000046:4, AB2-24-0000049:5