1.  Central Park CAC Chair, Thomas Murphy, to appear and provide a verbal report outlining activities and/or concerns of said CAC. -
2.  CRA Director's Monthly Report Memorandum from Cedric McCray, Interim CRA Director, transmitting March Projects Tracking Report, Commercial Grants Tracking Report, and CAC Orientation Flyer for said agenda item.
3.  CRA Staff to return with a plan for land acquisition for park property within the CRAs.  Memorandum Courtney Orr, CRA Development Manager, transmitting a brief written report of said agenda item.
4.  CRA Staff to look at the feasibility of assisting homeowners with an existing CRA program to the extent so applicable.  Memorandum from Cedric McCray, Interim CRA Director, transmitting a written report for said agenda item.
5.  CRA Staff to provide an update on the Community Redevelopment Plan for Central Park and Tampa Heights Riverfront.  Memorandum from Courtney Orr, CRA Development Manager, transmitting a written update on the Tampa Heights Community Redevelopment Plan.  Memorandum from Courtney Orr, CRA Development Manager, transmitting a written update on the Central Park Community Redevelopment Plan.
6.  Staff to provide a report on wheelchair accessible playground equipment at Water Works Park and Curtis Hixon Waterfront Park and what can be done to accommodate this.  Memorandum from Board member Viera requesting that said agenda item be continued to April 10, 2025.
7.  City’s Human Resources Department to stop advertising the CRA Communication and Contracts positions; in addition, that Clifford Shepard, CRA Attorney, to provide feedback on criteria for the positions, and return with revised job descriptions and advertisement for CRA Board's approval.  Memorandum from Cedric McCray, Interim CRA Director, transmitting a written response and requesting a continuance to May 8, 2025 for said agenda item.
8.  CRA Staff to speak with Barbara Tripp, Fire Chief, and the Firefighter’s Union to determine a proposed estimate budget for a Downtown fire station and/or the renovation of Station 1 and necessary equipment. Also, to ask CRA staff to work with Clifford Shepard, CRA Attorney, on a proposed amendment that could be presented to the county; further, for approval of the amendment and budget to be presented to the county for approval.  Memorandum from Cedric McCray, Interim CRA Director, requesting that said agenda item be continued to June 12, 2025.
9.  CRA Board to have a discussion on utilizing bus stop improvement funding to go toward the funding for the fare free streetcar. Further, that Staff from HART, including Justin Willits, Director of Planning and Scheduling, be present.  Memorandum from Courtney Orr, CRA Development Manager, transmitting a written report with Downtown Non-core CRA Program Change Sheet and Streetcar Funding Request CAC presentation for said agenda item.
10.  Resolution of The Community Redevelopment Agency of The City of Tampa, Florida, approving the purchase of real property in the East Tampa community redevelopment area located at 2209 E. Lake Avenue, Tampa, Florida, for community redevelopment purposes at a purchase price of $415,000 together with closing costs in the approximate amount of $10,000, pursuant to a contract for sale and purchase between the City of Tampa, as purchaser, and Aroon Klunthong and Ainhay D. Vongvisal, as sellers; Authorizing payment of the purchase price and closing costs associated with the purchase of said parcel of real property with proceeds from the East Tampa Community Redevelopment Agency fund; providing an effective date. Memorandum from Cedric McCray, Interim CRA Director, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
11.  Resolution of The Community Redevelopment Agency of The City of Tampa, Florida, approving the purchase of real property in the East Tampa community redevelopment area located at 3620 N. 23rd Street, Tampa, Florida, for community redevelopment purposes at a purchase price of $210,000 together with closing costs in the approximate amount of $10,000, pursuant to a contract for sale and purchase between The City of Tampa, as purchaser, and Aroon Klunthong and Ainhay D. Vongvisai, as sellers; Authorizing payment of the purchase price and closing costs associated with the purchase of said parcel of real property with proceeds from the East Tampa Community Redevelopment Agency fund; Providing an effective date. Memorandum from Cedric McCray, Interim CRA Director, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
12.  West Tampa Program Change Request for West Riverwalk Multi Modal Project. Memorandum from Brenda Thrower, CRA Development Manager for West Tampa, transmitting a written report with the West Tampa Budget Program Sheet for said agenda item.
13.  Sanchez Y Haya Building Restoration Special Funding Request (East Tampa CRA) – 1601 E. Columbus Drive Memorandum from Melisa Martinez, Senior Project Supervisor, transmitting additional information for said agenda item. (To be R/)
14.  LD&D Funding Request for Lot 10 at Encore Mixed-use Development with Workforce Housing Memorandum from Belix Parks, CRA Community Development Manager, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
15.  Resolution approving an interlocal agreement by, between and among the Gas Worx Community Development District, the City of Tampa, Florida and the Community Redevelopment Agency of the City of Tampa, Florida. Memorandum from Courtney Orr, CRA Development Manager, and Brenda Thrower, CRA Development Manager, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
16.  Downtown CAC Appointment for Omar Garcia Memorandum from Courtney Orr, CRA Development Manager, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
17.  Ybor City CAC Appointment for Jonathan Smith Memorandum Brenda Thrower, CRA Development Manager, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.
18.  Channel District CAC Appointment for John Laaninen Memorandum from Courtney Orr, CRA Development Manager, transmitting additional information for said agenda item.